&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; Is violence in moviesand sex on TV &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; On which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; All the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; Laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
ANNOUNCER:Hey! Are you a big fat bastard
who loves eating atOutback Steakhouse,
but thinks the portionsare too small?
Well, good news, fat-ass,
'cause now there'sthe Outback Steakhouse Extreme!
We don't have a Bloomin' Onion,we have a Bloomin' Pumpkin!
You know what else we got?
Elephant steaks!
50-pound elephant steaks!
And why don't you wash it downwith 40 ounces of malt liquor
and ranch dressing,you fat (bleep)!
Outback Steakhouse Extreme!
Punish! Your! Toilet!
Aw, man,I bet that's where
Crocodile Dundeeeats every night.
Everything in Australiais so fancy.
Yeah, Australia'sa beautiful place.
The best thingabout going there
is you get to flyover the Pacific Ocean.
The greatest oceanof all time.
(scoffs)Tell me you're joking.
Everyone knows that,pound for pound,
the Atlantic isthe best ocean.
"Pound for pound"?
What are you talking about?You can't weigh the ocean.
Yeah, scientists can.
They're doingit all the time.
Pick up a book.
You're an idiot.I'm an idiot?
All anybody remembersabout your argument
is that you'rein a wheelchair!
(grunting)
Guys, guys,let's stop escalatin'
and take the stairsfor a minute.
What?What are you talking about?
I'm saying you bothare making good points.
But sometimes two rightscan make a wrong.
I just... I just likethe Pacific Ocean!
It's a good ocean.
And so is the Atlantic.
Isn't this a beautiful planetyou two friends live on?
(sighs) I guessCleveland's right.
I'm sorry I gotso hotheaded.
I'm sorry, too.
Here, let me turnyour foot back around.
Kind of got twisted upin our scuffle there.
Wow, Cleveland.
You calmed them downjust by talking
with your mouthand your pretty lips.
Oh, it's nothin'.
Just a little somethingI learned volunteering
as a youth counselordown at my church.
Pretty much just boils downto four or five catchphrases.
Like what?
Well, there's the"stop escalatin'" one.
There's"What do you think it means?"
"Pray on it, stay on it."
One's just kind of like a noise:
Hmm... mmm?
That's amazing.
Hey, you're way too goodto be doing that for free.
Maybe you shouldopen up an office.
You know, finallystart chipping away
at some of thathorrendous debt you've got.
Yeah, Peter's right.
I mean, it's not likeyou've found a job
since you movedback here anyway.
You know, that'sa not-half-bad idea.
And if I chargemy first patient $117,000,
I'm right back in it.
Thanks for spottingmy potential, Peter!
Hey, no problem, buddy.I'm pretty perceptive.
That's how I canalways tell which guys
in the Wrangler Jeanscommercials beat their wives.
All of 'em.
Go around the block again;she's still out front.
We've gone aroundsix times.
Let's just talk to her.Eh, you're right.
Rip it off quicklike a Band-Aid.
Hey, Meg, you knowMr. Quagmire, right? Bye!
Hey, what'sgoing on here?
Oh, I'm sellingmy old Beanie Babies
to make moneyfor the prom.
That seemsoptimistic.
But, look, if you wantto make real money,
I could try to get youa job at the airport.
They always neednew TSA screeners.
Really?Wow, that'd be great!
Thanks, Mr. Quagmire.
And thanks fortaking the time.
Most people aren'tusually that nice to me.
Ugh, gross.
Mayor West, after workingwith you for some time now,
I believe you are affectingyour weird behaviors.
You are doingdeliberately odd things
to mask dark,maybe even criminal, activities.
You are 100% awareof what you're doing.
I think you'rea dangerous sociopath.
Cleveland, let metell you something.
(quietly):You're absolutely (bleep) right.
Well, time to put onmy spaghetti hat!
I just never feel happy.
I strive for these things,and I get them,
but at the end of the day,I still don't feel fulfilled.
Hmm.
This is a problem thatrequires more tweed.
Is it possible you're notletting yourself be happy?
Like you don't feellike you're worth it?
No, that's not it.
Hmm.
Maybe your accomplishmentsdon't feel real
because your brotherisn't here to see them.
Maybe.
That doesn't feelquite right, either.
Hmm.
You don't want tooutshine your father.
Oh, my God.Oh, my God!
Whew.
I was damn near out of tweed.
Okay, now, see?
She didn't say"good morning" to me,
so I put an orange doton her boarding pass,
which means they'regoing to search her anus.
I noticed youalso circled
a bunch of thingson her ticket.
Why did you do that?
Because otherwise,the line moves too quickly.
You see, the whole thingwe're going for here at the TSA
is a sort of bored fascism.
Huh.I think I can handle that.
I did not tellyou to approach!
Great job!
The worst thinga passenger can do
is approach your podiumbefore you tell them to.
As bad as those19 hijackers were,
the people we see hereevery day are much worse.
Boy, Larry,there's a lot to remember.
I... I hope I don'tscrew something up.
Trust me, you havenothing to worry about.
You're basicallyun-fireable.
What do you mean?
Come on, Meg.Look around.
You're the hottestperson who works here.
Oh, wow.
Now that you mention it,
everybody does lookkind of dumpy.
That's not entirelytheir fault.
They're all told to weara pair of their dads' pants.
Oh, speaking ofwhich, tomorrow,
bring in a pair ofyour dad's pants.
Peter, you promised meyou would do the dishes.
Well, I was doingthe dishes for a while,
but they wereinexperienced,
so I ended up havingto rub one out.
Where in the hell didyou get the idea that
that's what I meant by"doing the dishes"?
From Dirty Amelia Bedelia.
Almost done vacuuming the rug!
Damn it, Peter,you're making me crazy!
Well, you know what?
Sounds like you needsome counseling.
Maybe you should gotalk to Cleveland.Cleveland?
Why would I talkto Cleveland?He's a therapist now,
and he's really great at helpingpeople with their problems.
Oh, I see.
You want me to tellyour best friend
my complaints about youso he can back you up.
STEWIE: The new maidis peeing on me!
And she didn't even sayanything clever about it!
Look, you're the one who saidyou were going crazy.
Just talk to him.
He's all abouthelping people get well.
Just like Doc Martens.
So, how are you feeling today?
Terrible. I've gotblurry vision,
I feel cold and clammy,
and the nurse told methere's blood in my stool.
Have you triedwearing a lesbian shoe?
What?
Put this man down fora pair of lesbian shoes.
Huh. High fever, weight loss
and extremerespiratory difficulty.
Let's have this man intubated
and fit with a pairof lesbian shoes.
Hi.
Are you the nextcrazy person?
Um, I guess so.
I've been pretty depressedsince my wife died.
I'm sorry, I'm trying to readthe Costco Connection here.
There they are!
All right,since you're a patient,
we're gonna talk about youlike you're not here.
You get all of hersquawking out, Doc?
Oh, I think we got tothe root of the problem.
Didn't we, Lois?Absolutely.
All right,let's dope her up good.
Turn that mouth off.
No, Peter, the problem is you.
What? What the hellare you doing?
You're supposed to be my friend.
Dr. Brown,I just killed nine people!
Uh, I mean,I have ducks on my feet.
Old crazy harmless mayor.
Quack quack!
How can Cleveland sayI'm the problem?
All I do is sit in thebathroom and play on my phone.
PETER:Swipe... wipe...
swipe... wipe...
wipe... swipe...Uh-oh.
That's a perfect example.
You put no effortinto this marriage.
Cleveland helped me seethat our entire relationship
has been you doingwhatever you want
and me cleaning upthe mess.
By the way,your Svengali
is out there sprayingbirds with a hose.
Ha-ha!
Now you're wet!
Peter, I've had enough.
Cleveland and I thinkwe need to make some changes.
Oh, come on.
Are you serious?Yeah.
You're gonna start helpingaround the house,
and we're gonna startdoing things together.
We do stuff together.
Just last night,
I made you keep trackof all the words I know.
"Shoehorn."
"Engine."
"Football."
Did I say "shoehorn"?
Yes.Okay.
"Shoehorns."
(sighs)Peter, please.
I've got an early doctor'sappointment tomorrow.
Ooh! "Early."
"Doctor."Put those on there, too.
Uh, should I also putdown "appointment"?
No, I don't knowwhat that means.
Oh, "means."
Wow, look at the new girl!
She's so hot!
Yeah, her breastsand her stomach
are different partsof her body!
I think shelooks weird.
How come she's notshaped like a potato?
That's part of theinterview and everything.
Whoa, sorry, ma'am, we can'tlet you through security
because you're "da bomb."
Scott, you're not supposedto make jokes like that!
Well, I am carrying more thanthree ounces of liquid.
Oh, that's soMuhammad Hot-a.
You're playing adangerous game, Scott!
All right, Peter, Cleveland saysyou should help with the chores.
So today, we're gonnado laundry together.
Okay.How does this work?
Well, you put the wet clothesin the dryer,
you close the doorand you wait.
Oh, it just went to 39 minutes!
So you... youjust stand here
and watch thewhole time?
Shh-shh-shh.
Ah, the green shirtwent by again.
If it goes around 30 timesin five minutes,
you get to have a Diet Coke!
All right, accordingto Cleveland,
it's also healthy for couplesto have shared activities.
So since youlike golf,
I thought we couldplay a round.
So-so what do I do,just aim for the pond?
No, you're not supposedto hit it into the water.
But you hit itinto the water.
I know I hit itinto the water.
Why do they even have water
if you're not supposedto hit it there?
Because it's fun!We're having fun!
(yells)
Look, it went furtherthan your ball!
Hey, are you doinganything on Friday?
No, I don't think so.Why?
Well, I'm doing securityat the roller rink
if you want to come watch me.Sure!
Great, I'll pickyou up at 4:30.
Sounds good.
All right, well,I'm up at the podium.
Time to make markson pieces of paper
no one willever see again.
I thought we hadplans on Friday.
Marla, I think we shouldjust be ugly friends.
Damn it, Cleveland hascompletely ruined my life.
He's got Lois making mehelp around the house
and spend moretime with her.
My own wife!
I know whatyou mean, Peter.
He said I've got to bemore open and receptive
to what Bonnie wantsto do in the bedroom.
Thank God I can't feelanything back there.
You know what?Screw Cleveland.
He's gonna tellmy wife stuff,
I'm gonna tell hiswife a few things.
What are youtalking about?
Well, remember how Clevelandbanged that stripper
at his bachelor party?
Oh, yeah!
And we were allthrowing bread at them?Yeah.
Maybe I could tellDonna about that.
Or... remember when Clevelandwore briefs under his boxers
and we found out and he told usnot to say anything?
Maybe we tell her that.
Uh, I think Peter's is better.
Okay, but we'llkeep mine ready.
Could be the nailin the coffin.
Hey, fellas.
Cleveland, it ain't cool
what you've been telling Lois.All right?
You're completelymessing things up for me.
And you got to tell heryou were wrong
and put things backthe way they were.
I'm sorry it'shard for you, Peter,
but personal growthisn't always easy.
Look, if you don'tchange what you're saying,
we're gonna tell Donnayou slept with that stripper
at your bachelor party.
(screaming)
What are you doing?
I'm gonna play"Locomotive Breath"
by Jethro Tullwhile he runs.
Why the hell would you dosomething stupid like that?
Careful, Peter,
or you're gonna losetwo friends today.
ANNOUNCER: We now returnto Major League Baseball
with one distractingly ugly guybehind home plate.
ANNOUNCER 2: It's two to twoin the bottom of the sixth,
and I just can't get my eyesoff that man with the tall head.
ANNOUNCER 3: It's quite a game,but, man, that guy is ugly.
ANNOUNCER 2: I'll say, Gary.What's the count?
ANNOUNCER 3:No idea, Bill.
But you know that guyhasn't blinked this entire game?
Just a dead-eyed idiotout on a Thursday afternoon.
ANNOUNCER 2: Yup.And the longer I watch him,
the more I wonderif he's there by himself.
ANNOUNCER 3: I thinkyou're onto something there.
That seat next to him'sbeen empty for hours.
ANNOUNCER 2:Right you are, Gary.
I'm gonna see ifI can hit him with my apple.
ANNOUNCER 3:Ah. Kind of short-armed it.
Oh, I'll get tothe bottom of this.
Take care, Donna.
Cleveland didn't show up tomy therapy session earlier,
and Donna says she hasn'tseen him for two days.
Interesting.Interesting.
She also weirdly told methat she squatted 250 today.
I'm not even sureif that's good.
It's scary good.
Well, I am off to try andget out of this conversation.
Peter, what did you do?
He was slightly inconveniencingme and Joe,
so we threatenedto destroy his family.
What?!I know, right?It's pretty galling.
No, I'm not takingyour side, Peter.
Whatever thehell you did,
you go find himand bring him back.
All right,I'll go find him.
God, I'm sorry.
You're making me feel lower
than a squid atthe bottom of the ocean.
Wow, it really inks in here.
(beeps)
(beeping)
What is that?
There you are.
Listen up, Meg.
This TSA isn't sweatyenough for the two of us.
What?What does that even mean?
It means, stay awayfrom Larry.
I'm his girlfriend.You are?
Oh, my God, I thoughtyou were a boy.
Oh, that's it!
I will cut you, bitch!
Ow!
That hurt a little bit!
(groans)
(screams)
(grunting)
(screams)
(gasping)
This ain't over.
Larry is mine.
What the hell?That was crazy!
Like-like, crazier thanputting cops on Segways.
Help, Officer!
There's a lady beingraped in that alley!
Okay, hold on, let me doa small dippy-bob turn.
I couldn't be sure, but I-Ithink the man has a knife!
Are there any stepsleading to that alley
or is it just a seriesof gentle ramps?
Okay, guys, Lois wants meto find Cleveland.
And since he eats, like,nine candy bars a day,
if we wait hereat the convenience store,
he's bound to show up.
Hey, can youbuy us some beer?
I don't know, I don'tthink it'd be right.
Ugh, I knew you weren't cool.
Well, now, now,hold on a minute.
See? This ispretty cool, huh?
Yeah, I guess.
But what we couldreally use is some weed.
I think that mightbe over the line.
See?I told you this guy wasn't cool.
Well, now, now,hold on a minute.
Mr. Griffin,did you or did you not
distribute alcoholand marijuana to minors?
No, Your Honor,I did not.
Told you this defendantwasn't cool.
Well, now, now, now,hold on a minute.
Still no sign of Cleveland?
Yeah. I was thinkingmaybe our best bet
is to just drive around townand see if we can spot him.
Okay, well, he's not atthe mini golf course.
Okay, he's still not atthe mini golf course.
Oh, wow. Look atthat windmill.
Peter, do you wantto go mini golfing?Yes.
(tires screeching)
Well, he wasn'tby the sno-cones.
I love today!
Hi, Meg.
Larry, what areyou doing here?
I-I thought we were gonnameet at the Tumi store
and see who buysluggage at the airport.
Meg, I've got somedisturbing news.
Some gray security tubshave gone missing.
Oh, my God! The oneswe have a zillion of
but are somehow never therewhen people need them?
That's right.
And I'm going to haveto check your locker.
I don't need to tell youhow serious this is.
Wait, Larry!I was framed!
I bet it was Marla!
I'm sorry, Meg,you're fired.
I'm going to needyour small, ridiculous tie.
You're firing me?
I have a dutyto this country.
And with peoplelike you stealing tubs,
how are we ever goingto catch Abu Nazir?
That's not evena real person.
That's the terroristfrom Homeland.
And they caught him.
Good-bye, Meg.
Good-bye, Larry.
Meg?
I'll miss the way you remindedpeople about their belts.
We've looked everywhere.
Where the hell could he be?
Guys, I think we need toembrace the possibility
that Clevelandnever existed.
Damn it, if only there wassome kind of clue
as to where he might be.
That's right,Cleveland had a deli!
We shouldcheck there!
Cleveland!Cleveland!
PETER:Sweet! Egg salad!
Peter, this place has beenclosed for six years.
So what?Egg salad don't go bad.
(groaning)
Son of a whore!Give me some milk!
Okay, that helped.
Geez, this place is a dump.
CLEVELAND:Yeah, it is, isn't it?
It's a symbolof all my failures.
Cleveland!You're okay!(groans)
I'm so gladwe found you!
Hey, listen, I'm sorrywe threatened to blab
about your bachelorparty stripper stuff.
I'd never do that.
'Cause that'd mean I'dhave to talk to Donna,
and that's... that'sjust, like, ugh.
And I'm sorry I causedsuch problems in your marriage.
Truth is, I was faking itas a therapist.
(sighs)
I've been back almost a year
and I still gotnothing going on.
Hey, cheer up,Cleveland.
I mean, Joe doesn'thave a job, either.
What are youtalking about?
I'm a cop.Oh. W-Wait, that's real?
I thought that was, like,a Make-A-Wish thing.
All right, come on, buddy.Let's get out of here.
And, you know, even thoughtherapy might not be your thing,
you've got a job-- asmy fourth best friend.
After the dog?After the dog.
Peter, thanks for goingto find Cleveland
and bringing himhome safely.
Hey, that's whatfriends are for.
What about you, Meg?What'd you do this week?
What, so you canmake fun of me?
No, Meg.I'm your father,
and I'm interested in whatmy daughter did this week.
You promise you're notgonna make fun of me?
Of course, Meg.I care about my family.
But I-I feel likeyou're drawing this out,
so when you do make fun of me,it'll hurt more.
What? Well,that hurts, Meg.
You know, you canbe very hurtful.
I'm asking you,please--
and-and you don'thave to tell me,
I want to know becauseI'm interested--
what you did this week.
It enhances my life toknow how yours is going.
You promise?
Okay, well, now youowe me an apology.
I'm sorry.
I'm not used to youwanting to know.
Of course, I'd loveto tell you what happened.
Then by all means.I-It's just upsetting
when you thumb yournose at the family.
But I love you, andI'm looking forward
to hearing whatyou have to say.
Please.
I'd like to hear.
Oh. Okay. Well, this isactually kind of funny.
I joined the TSA...End of the show!
&#9834; Nah nah nah nah Family Guy,nah nah start the credits &#9834;
&#9834; Lots of little names,nyah nyah nyah nyah guy! &#9834; </div>\t'