&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; Is violence in moviesand sex on TV &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; On which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; All the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; Laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
TV ANNOUNCER: HallmarkOriginal Pictures presents
an instant family classic:Summers with My Slow Brother,
starring a cast of peoplewho make you say "Oh,"
because you didn't thinkthey were still acting.
For example, Grant Show.
Oh.
Rachael Leigh Cook.
Oh.
David Faustino.
Oh.
And Robin Tunney.Huh?
The bald-headed chickfrom Empire Records.
Oh.
Guys, could youturn that down?
I'm trying to studyfor the SAT.
Hey, careful, Meg.
Remember what happenedthe last time I had to choose
between you and the TV.
Don't worry.Meg's holding our stuff.
Meg, don't drinkthat soda!
I'm serious, you guys.
I haven't been doing wellon these practice tests,
and I need to improve my scoreto get into a good college.
You're in high school,sweetie.
You should be much moreconcerned about your weight
than your SAT scores.
Don't listen to her, Meg.
Academics areextremely important.
Are the SATs essential?
Vital? Crucial?
D: All of the above.
I'll get the scissorsand cut that poop off your bum.
Meg, trust me,you ace these SATs,
you could go onto do anything.
You could be a doctor,an architect.
Hell, you could even coachthe Mighty Ducks.
All right, the championshipis on the line.
It's time for a formationthey're not expecting.
The Flying V?
No. The Stinky V.
Wassup, my sistas?
Ooh, I ain't sat downin a hot minute!
What the hell? Why areyou talking like that?
Sorry, I havefamily in town.
You guys, I'm freaking out.
The SATs are this weekend,
and there's no wayI'm gonna get a good score.
You know, Meg, maybe you shouldget someone super smart
to take it for you.
Have someonetake it for me?
But that's cheating.
No one cares aboutcheating anymore, Meg.
Not sinceSlick Willy Clinton
lowered the nation'smoral standards.
God, give it up, Patty.
I'm just saying, findsomeone really smart
to take the SAT for youin exchange for money.
Did someone say"Jewish"?
Oh, hey, Neil.
Listen, is thereany chance
you'd be willing to take theSAT for me this weekend?
Sorry, Meg, I'm swamped.
I'm taking my bodyinto the shop.
I don't know what you've beendoing to this thing, Neil,
but you see this gunk?
That ain't supposedto be there.
Well, just dowhatever you can.
All right, I'm gonna go eata sandwich with one hand
and fill out the invoicewith the other.
Don't worry, Meg.
There's got tobe someone else
who'd be willing to takethat test for you.
Like who?
You guys are my only friends,
and everyonein my family's a moron.
What about yourhot mom, Meg?
What?I said how aboutyour dog? He's smart.
That doesn't soundlike what you said,
but yeah,Brian is kind of smart.
Maybe I'll get himto take it for me.
(whispering):Your mom's so (bleep) hot.
TV ANNOUNCER:We now return to another
Michael Jordanunderwear commercial
on a plane for some reason.
Does your underwearhave tags?
Uh, what?
Uh, Mr. Jordan, you're gonnahave to take your seat
and stop asking peopleabout their underwear.
Oh, hey, Brian.
I was just thinkingabout you.
You know how I've alwaysloved your novel
Faster Than theSpeed of Love?
Okay, what's this?
She's peanut buttering you upfor something.
No, I-I didn't even knowyou'd read my novel.
Oh, yeah. I'm a hugefan of "FATSPOL."
That's the acronym I use forFaster Than the Speed of Love,
because I mentionit so much.
God, that would'vesaved me years.
Anyway, I was just rereading
my favorite passagethe other day.
"The weight of the gunin Jason's hand surprised him.
'How heavy,' he wondered,'is the human soul?'"
That's page one.
She's quoting page one.
Your book is genius, Brian.
I can't believe Amazonis dumping it for 99 cents.
What?! My book is on Amazon?!
Oh, yeah, Brian,
there's somethingfor everyone on Amazon.
In fact,you're so smart,
I thought you'd bethe perfect person
to maybe takethe SAT for me.
What? But that would be wrong.
Well, I suppose you maylook at it that way.
But a wise book once said,"With the heart at stake,
right and wrong isa stake through the heart."
That one's on the cover.
Wow, ensnared bymy own verbal trap.
Well played, me, through you.
All right, Meg,I'll take that test for you.
I guess what I'm saying is,
"Ace Pilotson,reporting for World War Love."
What?She didn't readthe book, Bri.
That's yourmain character.
Don't worry, Meg--I'm always here to help.
Like a 1960s British policeman.
Officer! Me child'sbeen kidnapped!
Calm down, ma'am, it'sall under control.
I've got a whistle,a cloth helmet,
a key to a call box, asoft rubber truncheon,
and a map of the city.Please hurry!
I don't muchlike your tone.
That's a tiny pencil-and-padcitation for you!
Okay, Brian, you can do this.
(breathes deeply)
Hey, Meg.Hi, Meg.
Hey, how's it going?
(urinating)
My locker.
Meg, I thought we weregonna try to work on that.
Hey, other teens,
how about our youth culture,am I right?
All the new hairs we're getting.
Hey, hashtag SATs, huh?
Yeah, I guess.
(quietly): Wow, I can't believethis worked.
I was afraid I'd stick out,like the one guy
in Lincoln's cabinetwho didn't have a beard.
I want to win this war,and I want to do it fast. Ideas?
We should meet the rebelshead-on in Virginia.
Yes, and use our shipsto block their supply chains.
We could also useour troop advantage
to out-flank themin the west.
Uh, what did thatbaby just say?
All right, cell phones away,eyes on your own paper,
and before we start,who's giving me a ride home?
Not you, a girl.
(quietly):For luck, Meg.
(farts)
We're all rooting for ya.
TV ANNOUNCER:We now return to Malcolm XXY.
We didn't land on Plymouth Rock!
CROWD:Yeah!
Plymouth Rock gave usboth sets of genitals!
CROWD: Yeah!MAN: What?
Mail's here.
I got my SAT scores.
So, how'd we do?
"We" scored a thousand.
Nice! One thousand,on the nose.
Boop! You are welcome.
Brian, that's a thousandout of a possible 2,400!
That's the worst scorein my class!
What?!Damn it,
why did I ever thinkyou were smart?
That's... that's not possible.
Ha-ha! Brian's stupid!
(gasps) I must alertthe townsfolk!
Hyah! Fly, Artemis, fly!
Hark, townsfolk!
Brian, uh...
he... oh, damn,what was it?
Brian...
Brian goes to college?No.
Brian getsanother book published?
Y-Yeah. Yeah,maybe that's it.
Tell all that Brian's gettinganother book published!
Oh, thank God!
I thought it was gonna bea Meg episode all throughout.
I got the lowest scorein Meg's class?
How could this happen?
Face it, Brian,this proves that you're stupid.
Proves it empirically.
That means it's verified.I know!
I just weirdly woke upin the laundry room.
Not now, Peter!Geez, what'swrong with you?
Brian took the SAT for Meg,and it turns out he's an idiot.
That's not true!
Methinks the Hoffprotest a month.
Do you even know whatyou're trying to say?
Hey, look, don't feel bad,Brian-- it's fun being stupid.
You don't got toworry about nothing,
you don't got to read books,and you never die.
Peter, that...that's not correct.
How would youknow, stupid?
(laughter)
Thanks a lot, SAT.
Man, this isthe worst day of my life.
Empirically.Eh, careful.
Brian, being a dumbguy's not so awful.
I'll show you. Come on, you'respending the day with me.
Here, you want a beer?Peter, it's 11:00 a.m.
If the clock ain't digital,you don't know that.
Well, actually,I could use a drink.
There you go! You lookstupider already.
Let's go.Where are we going?
Who cares?Now, come on,
we're gonna party likeit's the Roaring Twenties.
(lively music playing)
&#9834; No TV, movies suck &#9834;
&#9834; I'm here with my gal &#9834;
&#9834; Shake your hands,kick around &#9834;
&#9834; Wear a suit to breakfast &#9834;
&#9834; Underwear that laces up &#9834;
&#9834; All girls havea guy's haircut &#9834;
&#9834; Crank your carto make it start &#9834;
&#9834; You will die of measles. &#9834;
(tires screech, cars crash)
(laughter)
Oh, my God!
Yeah, see, people goto NASCAR hoping for a crash.
Well, this is all crashes.
But that guy could've been hurt!Why are you laughing?
'Cause it's funny! What, do youthink you're better than me?
By the way, a huge partof being an idiot
is constantlyaccusing people
of thinkingthey're better than you.
That and forwardingmildly funny e-mails
way after everybody'salready seen them.
Heh. You know this one's funny
'cause there'sseven fonts in 12 colors.
CHRIS: Ha-ha! Dad, I just gotthis hilarious e-mail!
You got to see this!
Ha-ha! Chris would love this.
(laughs hysterically)
(popping)Hey, it looks like
they're shooting T-shirtsinto the crowd.
Oh, those aren't T-shirts.Thems is hot dogs.
Huh. That'skind of cool.
I want a hot dog.
Well, then you bettermove quick-- he's reloading!
(barking)
(thumping)
Yeah! Freeflying meat!
MAN: Hey, you feel goodabout yourself, jagoff?
Yeah, that's right-- I knockedyour kid over to get a hot dog.
What, do you thinkyou're better than me?!
MAN: What, you thinkyou're better than me?!
You think you'rebetter than me?!
Ah, look at you, Brian,right at home with us dumb guys.
You're blending in better thana centipede among millipedes.
Well, what shouldwe do today?
Let's try on1,000 shoes.
Wait a minute.
(counting under his breath)
You're an imposter!
&#9834; If it hadn't been forCotton-Eye Joe &#9834;
&#9834; I'd been marriedlong time ago &#9834;
&#9834; Where did you come from,where did you go? &#9834;
&#9834; Where did youcome from, Cotton-Eye Joe? &#9834;
&#9834; If it hadn't beenfor Cotton-Eye Joe &#9834;
&#9834; I'd been marriedlong time ago &#9834;
&#9834; Where did you come from,where did you go? &#9834;
&#9834; Where did youcome from, Cotton-Eye Joe? &#9834;
&#9834; &#9834;
&#9834; &#9834;
&#9834; If it hadn't beenfor Cotton-Eye Joe &#9834;
&#9834; I'd been marriedlong time ago &#9834;
&#9834; Where did you come from,where did you go? &#9834;
&#9834; Where did youcome from, Cotton-Eye Joe? &#9834;
&#9834; If it hadn't beenfor Cotton-Eye Joe &#9834;
&#9834; I'd been marriedlong time ago &#9834;
&#9834; Where did you come from,where did you go? &#9834;
&#9834; Where did youcome from, Cotton-Eye Joe? &#9834;
(laughing)
Hey, yo, Stew.My boy Peter and I
are watching this Sandler movieThat's My Boy.
You gotta comecheck it out, man.
It's amazeballs.
This is justthe DVD menu.
(chuckles)No way.
Aw, man, I ambuzzin' hardcore
off of that chaw, man.
Brian, whatthe deuce?
(chuckles)Deuce.
Like poo.Yes, yes,deuce like poo.
But what the devilhas happened to you?
Uh, I woke up, Kemosabe?
No, I mean it. Howcould one bad test score
transform you intoa complete moron?
Brian, I'm concerned somethingis very wrong with you.
Nah, man, I've neverfelt better, Beef Stew.
Bazinga!
(chuckles) Like whatthe gay scientist says.
Hey, Brian,say something else from TV.
What you talkin' 'bout,Phyllis?!
(gasps)
Aw, gross,he's getting his nose period.
Oh, my God! We've gotto get him to a hospital!
Don't worry, Brian,I'll save you.
I'm good in a crisis.
After all, I used to workthe suicide hotline.
MAN:I-I just can't take it.
I discovered my wife'sbeen cheating on me for a while.
And I just...(sighs)
I can't live like this.
I have to kill myself.
Doesn't it make more senseto kill her?
Brian, the good news iswe've stopped the bleeding.
And we've removedthe Matchbox car
that was lodgedin your rectum.
I did that rightafter you passed out.
(chuckles)Classic P-Dog.
But, Dr. Hartman,why did he lose consciousness?
Well, keeping in mind therecent behavioral changes
you've described,I did a CAT scan...
On a dog.(chuckles)
We laughed aboutthat, too.
However, I'm sorry to inform youthat Brian has a brain tumor.
(all gasp)
Oh, my God.
There's only one thing to do:
shrink down to microscopic size,enter Brian's brain,
and destroy the tumorfrom within.
I was raped by a bug.
Brain tumor. Howis that possible?
As a father in a hospitalgetting bad news,
I am gonna sadly slide downthe wall and take my hat off.
I forgot the hat.
So, Doc, w... um, how muchJamba Juice do I have to drink
to cure this?Um...
I-I've also heard that,like, crystals exist?
Dr. Hartman, do you thinkthe brain tumor might explain
why Brian's been actingso odd lately?
Hmm, well, I haven't heard ofbrains being linked to behavior,
but I supposeanything is possible.
Mom, is Dad gonna die?
No, Chris, Brian is the onewith the brain tumor.
Dr. Hartman,what's the prognosis?
Well, it says here Brian'stumor is for office use only.
(groans)Benign. It says "benign."
Oh, Brian, that's wonderfulnews! You're going to be okay!
Winning!
(chuckles) Remembersomebody said that?
Well, since Brian's tumor posesno immediate threat,
we can schedule surgeryto remove it,
and he'll be backto his old self in no time.
Well, I say we get that tumorout of him right away
before he getsany dumber.No way.
I'm never going backto my old self.
I rock like this.I'm legit.
I'm uber.I'm awesome-sauce.
Either take the tumor out of himor put one in me!
I can't stand this!
So i-if Brian doesn't havethe surgery,
will he be all right?
I don't know. IsDax Shepard all right?
Eh, seems kindof gratuitous.
My point is, Brian could havethe surgery and be smart again,
or he could skip the surgeryand stay dumb like this.
Well, Brian,if-if you're happy this way...
Hells to the yeah,I am!
Hey, um, I was toldthere would be a lollipop
at the end of this?
(quietly): Good, he doesn't knowabout the stickers.
I'll take two.
Brian, you're not thinkingclearly, all right?
You've got to agreeto this surgery.
Because right now, you'reas useless as Black Widow is
to the Avengers.
So... what'syour superpower?
Kicking.
Oh, right, 'causenone of us can kick.
Hey, which oneof you guys can kick?
Hulk, stop being nice.
Sorry.
(singing opera music)
Hey, this isn't theKenny Chesney concert.
No, I'm afraid that was a whitelie to get you here, Brian.
This is the opera.I'm hoping that re-exposing you
to high culture will remind youof the joys of a refined mind.
Cool. I'm sitting on myfoot to hold in a dump.
Please don'tembarrass me here.
Pepperoni pie,extra cheese. G32.
Oh, cool.My friend Pete is here.
Pete Za.(chuckles)
Nom, nom, nom, nom, nom. That'sgonna be me in, like, a minute.
Over here, bro!
Aw, I moved my foot.
Hey, this isn'tthe Kenny Chesney concert.
(sighs) No, Brian,this is called yoga.
Lots of smart people do itinstead of going to church.
And after we get done with this,you're going to talk a lot
about being presentand grounded.
You're going to beimpossible to be around.
Let's get started.
BRIAN:Whoa! Schwing!
Schwing! Schwing!Schwing! Schwing!
That was fromWayne's World.
That's the soundof Wayne's boner.
Okay, beforeyou say anything, no,
this is notthe Kenny Chesney concert.
We're here to have a nicecivilized dinner and to show you
that you don't have to eatall your meals in your car.
Now, we're going to startby hearing the waiter
give us the specials.
Good evening. Our first specialis an almond-crusted salmon...
Hey, cram it, skinny.Give me free food
or I'm gonna tell people on Yelpthere was a pube in my salad.
Free food,right away.
Okay. All right.
I forgot that Yelpis a weapon for dumb people.
You taught me somethingtoday, Bri.
That I can throwa frog a hundred feet?
(sighs)I can't change you back.
This whole endeavorwas doomed to fail.
Like an Asian guygoing to a salon.
Hi. I want to havemy anus breached.
He's gone, Rupert.
It appears I've lostBrian to the dumb side.
So now I need youto be Brian.
Here's your collar.And here's a laptop.
Write something bad.
"It was the lastday of summer
and the first day ofthe rest of her life."
Wow! You did thatwith your face!
Hey, what's this?Gaylord practice?
That's the eighth timeyou've asked me that today.
Listen, Brian, I've been tryingto change you.
But I realizethat if you're happy,
I need to accept the youthat you want to be.
No matter how painful that is.
What are you doing?
Oh, my friend Terry told me youcan get high from licking paint.
Who's Terry?
He's friendswith Gus.
Who's Gus?
Um, Gus isTerry's friend.
It... You kind ofhad to be there.
For what?No story has been told!
Okay, well, I'm gonna go put onmy python and walk to the park.
Brian, wait. I'm...
I'm trying to say that I acceptyour choice to forego surgery.
I release you intothe thick mire of stupidity.
Hey, Brian, I startedthe car in the garage
and it's allfoggy in there.
Want to go pretendwe're in London?
Oh, totally!Shrimp on the barbie, huh?
(laughs)Yes!
Good Lord,if I don't do something,
his stupidity will kill him.
And then I'd lose Brian forever.
Like that dogthe Russians shot into space.
He made it! Yourdog is in orbit!
Is wonderful.How do we get him back now?
Oh... about that.
We do not.
Oh, my poor dog.He will die up there.
Joke on them!I find happy dog planet.
In 50 years, we all go backto Earth and bite everybody.
But now we dance!
(electronic dance music playing)
I've got to convince himto get that tumor removed
before it's too late.
Now, remember, it's England,so take long deep breaths.
Wait a second.
I've been approaching thisfar too intelligently.
He's an idiot,so this won't be hard at all.
Hey, Brian, you wantto go see Dr. Hartman
and get that procedurewhere you get two wieners?
Whoa! Hell yeah!
That way, when I watchBlack Swan, I can aim one
at Natalie Portmanand aim the other at...
Yes, yes, yes, we all knowwho the other one was. Let's go.
Well, good news, Griffins:Brian is gonna be just fine.
I was ableto remove his tumor.
And if anyone wants to keep it,it's here in this Tupperware.
This-this is halfof a chicken cutlet.
Oh, boy.What did I have for lunch?
Oh, Brian, I'm so gladyou're all right.
Thanks. But this isall kind of surreal.
I mean,being in this hospital bed,
I-I feel like the main characterof As I Lay Dying
as he or she lay dying.
Oh, that's just the amount ofsuperficial quasi-knowledge
the old Brian had.
I missed you, buddy.
Welcome back.
Thanks, Stewie.
You never gave up on me.
You knew that wasn't really me.
Yeah, well,it's no big...
I mean, I was having fun,making new friends,
getting laid all the time,sleeping like a rock,
but you made the call.
You unilaterally decidedI was better off
a bitter alcoholic failure whocan only hang out with a baby.
Hey. We have fun.
Hey, Lois, guess what.
I had them dothat two-wiener operation on me.
You what?!(singsongy):Double trouble.
(thud)Uh-oh. That was the original. </div>\t'