&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; Is violence in moviesand sex on TV &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; On which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; All the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; Laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
("Around the World"by Daft Punk playing)
Oh, cool, somebody putBilly Joel on the jukebox.
Billy Joel?This is Daft Punk.
Dappunk?Wh-- I-- What is that?
That's not even words.
What are you saying?This is Billy Joel.
It's "Anthony's Song,"parentheses, "Movin' Out."
First of all, it's "Movin' Out,"parentheses, "Anthony's Song."
And second of all,this is 100% not Billy Joel!
You know, when theyrecorded "Movin' Out,"
someone left thestudio doors open,
and that's why, at the end,you hear that car sound.
That's not true either!No, this is it.
He's talking about goingall around the world
'cause this Anthony fella,he's moving out.
You know, to livewith Mr. Cacciatore
down on Mulberry Street.
And that's all I'm gonnasay about those two.
Peter, I'm gonna punchyou with this beer mug
till I'm holdingjust the handle!
Guys, calm down.
There's one wayto solve this.
I'll just use my phone.
(phone beeps,song continues playing)
It says "'Around the World'by Daft Punk."
Thank you!
God, you idiots are exhausting.
Hey, Cleveland, how'd youdo that with your phone?
I'm not an idiot.
I used Shazam.
It recognizes songs andtells you their names.
Yeah? Hey, what ifI farted into it?
I don't know.Be my guest.
(farts loudly)
It says "Lana Del Rey."
Wow, how do I getthis on my phone?
You just download it.
It's a app.What's an app?
They're little programs
you use on your phonewhile driving.
Oh, man,apps sound awesome!
This is a realgame changer!
Like the guy who invented
wearing a sport jacketwith jeans.
So, what canI do for you?
Well, I've gotto go to church,
but I don't have timeto change from the rodeo.
Excuse me, I thoughtyou were helping me find a look
that'll let me clingto my youth in my 40s.
Yes, I'm interested
in cheating on my wifein Las Vegas.
Gentlemen, I think I canhelp all three of you.
Brian, I'm in a bind.
Joanne was supposed todrive me to the club,
but she's havingthroat surgery.
20 years ofmenthol slims.
I don't understandanything you just said.
Just drive me tothe racquet club.
Since when do you belongto a racquet club?
You know, I do have a lifeoutside this house.
For example, I also writerestaurant reviews
for the newspaperunder the name Hugh Cornwallis.
Hugh Cornwallis?He's, like...
Super bitchy, I know.Now come on, let's go.
So, what? You're gonnaplay tennis all day?
No, I might alsohit the treadmill
and watchKelly and Michael
on mute withclosed captioning.
"Kelly: It's like kale
"is everywhere these days,am I right?
Michael: unintelligible."
I love them.
They have suchan amazing chemistry.
Yeah!
Awesome!
Peter, will youkeep it down?
I'm trying to look atlamps I'll never buy.
Oh, yeah, sorry.
Sweet!What are you doing?
Well, I just found out aboutthese things called apps,
so that's kind ofall I do now.
This one's a coolbowling app I got.
Aw, yeah, strike!
Peter, your phone'sstreaming to the TV.
You're clearlywatching porn.
Will you turn it off?
I'm already caught, Lois.I'm gonna finish.
Peter, I'm...I'm gonna finish!
Just go over there!
We're gonna be fine,Lois, you and me.
There you are, Dad.
Where have you been?I haven't seen you in days.
Ugh. I went out of townfor a little while,
but I made themistake of using
this app calledBear B'n'B.
We're so happy you'restaying with us.
Just a reminder, we ask thatyou not use the DVD player,
but you can watchany of the VHSs.
We have Clear andPresent Danger,
Son of the Mask...
oh, and here'smost of a puzzle.
Okay, well, I don'twant any of that stuff.
Fine. Well,if the phone rings
and we're not around,just take a message.
I'm kind of on vacation.
Oh, and just a heads up,the dog doesn't like men.
Now, we serve breakfast from6:00 a.m. to 7:00 a.m.
I'll skip breakfast.
Uh, everyoneeats breakfast.
I'm on vacation.
All the more reasonto treat yourself.
The house specialtyis a half-chewed trout
we yanked out of theriver with our teeth.
Ah, there's the bear stuff.
(phone chimes)
Where are you going?
Oh, I'm meeting upwith someone
from my Grinder app.
Isn't that foranonymous gay hookups?
No, no, no.This one's a way for guys
who enjoy sandwichesto connect.
MAN:You "Meatballfreak"?
Uh-huh.
All right,let's do this.
Are you also married?
My phone's broken.
I'm not surprised.
It's probably becauseof all those apps
you've been downloading.
Don't say "apps"like you're young.
No, I took itin the shower
'cause I didn't knowyou could pause a game.
Here, Chris.Your first cell phone!
Yay!
Something my dad heldin the bathroom!
You know, Chris, you couldprobably salvage that phone.
If you put it in a bag ofuncooked rice, it'll dry out.
Really?
Yeah. And then youcan use the rice
to pretend someonewanted to marry you.
Ladies and gentlemen,
Mr. and Mrs. Dogand Meg the Bounty Hunter!
Holy moley!
Marcy Miller!
She bought feminine productsat my dad's pharmacy,
so you knowshe's up and running.
Yeah, I wish I hadthe guts to talk to her.
Talk to her?
Chris, no one talksto each other anymore.
If you want to geta girl's attention,
you text her a pictureof your penis.
What? Really?
Are-Are you sure?Oh, yeah.
People who send their daughtersto public high schools
are basicallyasking for this.
Well, I did just getthis new phone from my dad.
(camera clicks)
All right, what could go wrong?
It worked out great for...
("Yakety Sax" playing)
Ah. This is it, Bri.
The Quahog Racquet Club.
Where frail old men cometo weigh themselves in the nude.
Does that say 84 or 85?
It says 63.
Oh, dear.
How'd you get all thosecuts on your butt?
Wow, they allow drinking hereat 10:30 in the morning?
Oh, yes, half the bathroom trashis thrown-up scrambled eggs.
Okay, so this placehas hot women,
morning boozeand free vomit?
Maybe I'll join you.You don't play tennis.
What are you talking about?I'm a great tennis player.
You are? Well, that's perfect.
There's a doubles tournamentcoming up,
and I could reallyuse a partner.
Well, you found him!
All right, all right,I suppose we can make this work.
Like that actressfrom Rizzoli &amp; Isles
and her husband do.
Honey, I thoughtwe could do
a littlerole-playing tonight.
Oh, yeah? What'dyou have in mind?
Maybe I could bemy character from the show.
Oh! Yeah!
From the show!
Sure.
Um... oh, no!
It's the... lawenforcement woman.
Part of that great teamof Rizzoli and Isles.
You don't knowwhat part I play, do you?
Hey, look, you didn't marry mebecause of my brains.
You married mebecause I play
one of the main badguys in Blue Bloods.
Now let's just stop talkingand have idiot actor sex.
Thank you for coming,Mr. and Mrs. Griffin.
We've got a bitof a situation,
which is why I've askedOfficer Swanson to join us.
It appears Chris sent aninappropriate photo of himself
to one of hisclassmates.
That's right.
He texted a pictureof his peenie.
Oh, my God!
And apparently the girl...Oh, thank God.
...he sent it todoesn't like him back,
so she turned him in.
Okay, I can seeeverybody's mad, but...
what'd you think?
Thank you forbringing this
to our attention,Principal Shepherd.
We'll make sureChris apologizes
to that littleknob-tease.
I'm sorry, Lois,but it's not that simple.
When Chris sentthat picture,
he was technicallydistributing child pornography.
Child pornography?!
Joe, that's crazy!
He's just a teenagerwho made a bad choice.
I don't know what to say, butthe laws just haven't caught up
to how cool kids are now.
I'm sorry, but this makes Chrisa sex offender.
Oh, my God!
Huh.
Well, I'm not about to makea Batman exit right now,
but has that thingalways been over there?
Over where?
What are you doing, Peter?
Ah, you looked backtoo fast.
Good afternoon, I'm Tom Tucker.
Today, we bring you a disturbingcase of child pornography.
Local teenage scumbagChris Griffin,
whose name will be omitted here,
was caught sending,quote-unquote,
"graphic selfies of his hog"--
not sure wherethat quote is from--
to another underage student.
Coming up next, teleprompter guyputs the period in a weird.
Place.
Oh, this is awful.
Now everyone in townknows I'm a sex offender!
We know you didn'tmean any harm, Chris.
We're just livingin a different time.
When I was your age,
boys used to justwhip it out on the bus.
Can't I just go on the newsand tell everyone I'm sorry?
Oh, I wish youcould, sweetie,
but the law says that,as a sex offender,
you have to completea rehabilitation course.
Oh, that sounds awful.
Eh, can't be any worsethan our trip to Hawaii.
Okay, before you doanything else,
I'm deathly allergicto pineapple, pork,
rum, macadamia nuts,
stupid tiny guitars,overpriced golf,
sentimentalmilitary stuff, lava,
people who I can't tellare black or Asian,
apostrophes,anyone twirling flames,
second weddingsand linen pants.
Is there anythingyou're not allergic to?
Yeah, the Epcot Center.
Where I wanted to go.
Good evening, I'm GlennQuagmire, your instructor.
Everyone look to your left.
Now look to your right.
All of you are sex offenders,
and statisticallyyou will all be here again.
Because this has never workedin the history of doing this.
Now, today, we have a newmember-- giggity-- Chris G.
ALL:Hi, Chris.
All right, before we begin,
whoever's drivinga windowless van
painted like an ice cream truck,your lights are on.
Okay, next,let's take a few minutes
to talk aboutour new, fake interests.
Here's a clay pot I made.
I've started followinggirls' field hockey.
No, come on.
You're supposed to pickfrom the list.
Mr. Quagmire,this is terrible.
And do I reallyhave to be here?
Well, the law doesgive you a choice.
This or chemicalcastration.
What's that?You take aton of pills
that completely wipeout all sexuality.
Oh, is that whatMichael Moore did?
No, but I understandwhy you'd think that.
Now, do you wantto see the list?
I could take a whack athand-distressing furniture.
We don't say "whack."
(grunting loudly)
Very good, Stewie.
You grunt likea Hungarian lesbian.
(sighs)Thanks, Dimitri.
And, uh, your testicle's hangingout of your shorts again.
I am cooling it.
But where isthis partner of yours?
I don't know. He was supposedto be here 15 minutes ago.
(laughter)You're right.
So, anyway,my ex said,
"If you bring homeone more tennis trophy,
I am out of here."
Well, she was gonein two days.
(laughter)
Oh, Brian.
"O'Brien"?That's my Irish cousin.
(laughter)
What are you doing?!
We're supposed to bepracticing for the tournament.
Stewie, relax.I promise we'll practice,
but we just ordered bisque.
How are youpaying for that?
Well, if you must know,
we're putting it on Philippa'shusband's account.
Does Burt knowabout this?
He would if he wasn'tworking all the time.
Thank you, Brian.
Now, come on, let's have morehard liquor and creamy soups.
Ugh.
Meg, can you hand methe paper plates?
I can't believe we'rehaving an ice cream cake
to celebrate Chris graduatingfrom sex offender school.
Well, the opportunitiesto celebrate
don't come oftenin this household.
There he is, Mr.Former Sex Offender.
But Mom, it's notthat big a deal.
All I did was finishthose creepy classes.
I know, but now yourrecord is clear.
You can go back tobeing a normal boy
and put all thisbehind you.
Hey, Chris, wait tillyou see the funny thing
I had 'em puton your cake.
"Happy sixthbirthday, Timmy"?
Uh-oh, they musthave mixed them up.
"Nice crank,you dirty little bastard"?
Sorry, I'll take that.
Here's your cake.I ate a great deal of it.
Oh, there you are.
How was your firstday out of rehab?
It was terrible.
Taking that classmade no difference.
Nobody wants anythingto do with me.
Hi, Mr. Herbert.
Oh, my God.
Children, run!
It's that pervert!
Everybody into mysafety basement!
(boys gasping, shouting)
(sharp snap)Oh!
Oh, thatwas a bad snap.
I'm hurt, kids!
Don't eat those popsiclestill I get down there!
Well, I'm glad we're finallygetting some practice in.
Yeah, nothing likerunning around
after eatinga seafood tower.
What are youdoing here?
You're supposed tobe at the baseline.
Yeah, baseline,baseline.
Right, right.He's serving to you.
Get back there!
(grunts)
You've never playedtennis, have you?
Not once.Damn it, Brian!
I entered us inthat tournament
because you saidyou could play!
And I will notbe humiliated
in front of shallow,rich alcoholics!
Hey, Chris.
I see you walkedacross the grass again
instead ofusing the walk.
You're really wearinga path, aren't you?
We call thatChris's Trail.
Right there.
Chris's Trail.
Mr. Quagmire,I completed that sex rehab
and I paid my debt to society,
but people are still afraid ofme, like I'm some kind of creep.
How do I get them to treat me
the way they didbefore all this happened?
You can't. I'm sorry, Chris,
but you're just gonna haveto accept that from now on,
people are gonna see youas a sex-crazed pervert.
And there's nothingyou can do to change that.
Wait a minute,maybe there is.
Thanks, Mr. Quagmire.
No problem, Chris.
You keep thatchin up, huh?
I will.
Hey, can I ringyour doorbell?
No, I'd rather you...(doorbell rings)
(cat shrieks)
That's why "no," Chris.
That's why "no."
Chris? What the hellhappened to you?
(androgynous voice):Mother, Father,
I decided to have myselfchemically castrated.
Why the hell wouldyou do that?!
Now nobody will haveany reason to be afraid of me
or think I'm a pervert,
and everybody can justtreat me like normal again.
Oh, my God, I can't believemy son's some kind of weirdo!
Oop, here comesanother sandwich.
I can't even look at you.
(androgynous voice):Has anyone seen my sandals?
Yeah, no, nobody's seenyour sandals.
Well, I'll just haveto make another pair.
Look, Chris, I know youthink chemical castration
is gonna solveyour problems,
but you have to stoptaking those pills.
I don't have to do anything,
besides get to the wind chimestore before it closes.
There can't bea whole store.
To be fair, they also havea couple of kaleidoscopes.
Ah, can I come?
Lois, can I go to the storewith that thing?
Splendid. I'll go getmy burlap wallet.
Wow, we rolled three gutterballs on these kids, huh?
My word, Brian,you're really improving.
We might actuallywin this thing.
Thanks. You know,I just pretend
that tennis ballis Mitch McConnell
trying to roll back subsidieson the Affordable Care Act,
and I'm like, "Nope!"
Yeah, I-I don't... I don'tneed to hear your process.
Look, I'm just happyyou pushed me,
'cause now I can't waitfor that tournament.
I know,it's gonna be great.
And I already know exactlywhere I'm gonna put that trophy.
So the baby died?
Yeah, the baby died.
But, look, first place.
Chris, your mother and I wantyou to stop taking them pills.
There's a lot of great thingsabout having a sex drive
that you're missing out on.Like what?
Well, there's the post-orgymeals at a swingers party.
Come on, let's eat withthese wonderful people.
Hey, everybody,try my wife's ambrosia.
If you liked my wife's snizz,you're gonna love her ambrosia.
I was thinking aboutthis seven-layer dip
the whole time Iwas chowing Ronald.
I don't like this.
I want to go home.
You know what's sad?
There's hardly any otherfathers and sons here.
I don't know, Lois.
I just don't think Chrisis gonna change his mind.
(sighs)I know.
It's only a matter of time
before he shavesone side of his head
and swoops the restof the hair over.
Why, is that...is that bad?
Good earlyevening, everyone.
I have celebratory news.
With all the free time, I'mno longer devoting to onanism...
That's spanking it?Yes, Peter.
...I have managed to redirectthat energy into my studies.
In fact, today I receivedthe Kaplan Prize in biology.
Chris, that's great!
Not only that, I got the highestscore on my Spanish test,
and I even joinedthe debate team.
That's amazing!
All right, well, I'm gonnaput some flowers in a wagon
and walk around town.
You know what, Peter?
Maybe there's a silverlining to this fiasco.
Not thinking aboutsex all the time
seems to have allowed Christo excel in other areas.
He does seem sharper.
Heck, the old Chriscouldn't even figure out
the self-checkoutat the supermarket.
REGISTER: (beeps) Please placethe item in the bagging area.
Please remove the itemfrom the bagging area.
Please take a plastic bagfrom the bagging area.
Please put the bag overyour head and tighten.
(gasping)
(laughing)(laughing)
I told you I couldmake him do it.
That's hard-core, man.
You're hard-core.
All right, Brian,we win this set,
the tournament's ours.
Yeah, come on,let's do this.
I can already see ournames in the newsletter,
right below the deathsfrom the previous quarter.
Out.What?!
Your ball was long.
Are you (bleep) me?!
That thing was in!
You're gonna penalize us
because you're a blind (bleep)blue jacket (bleep)?!
Stewie, calm down.
I will drop youto your knees
and shove my racket sofar down your throat
you'll be (bleep)my grip for a week!
Warning, Mr. Griffin.
Oh, you're warning me?!I'm warning you!
I'm gonna go to your houseand (bleep) your wife!
You proud of yourself,tennis club security guard?
Your kids look up to you?Big man.
Throwing out a baby and a dog.Tough guy.
Maybe I'll see you later whenyou don't have that name tag on.
I thought yourshot was in.
Oh, hey, pound it, dude.
So to find the areaof this circle,
we're going to need to use pi,whose digits go on forever.
(chuckles) Can you imagineif our pi was endless?
We'd all be changingour belt sizes.
(chuckles)
Thanks, Chris.
Wow, that wasreally something.
Marcy?
I had no idea you weresuch an amazing tutor.
And I really likeyour pendant.
Thanks, but why are youbeing so nice to me?
You got me in so muchtrouble before.
Yeah, I'm reallysorry about that.
That was just my dumb,overprotective dad.
Really?
Yeah, he took my phone to lookat pictures of my friends,
and he found theone you sent.
I bet that caught himby surprise.
Definitely.
Well, I hope you knowthat's not who I am anymore.
I do, and I hope I didn'tcause you too much trouble.
(alarm blaring)
This is not a drill!
I repeat, not a drill!
Good to be back doingthis again, huh, Bill?
What, shovelingcoal into a penis?
I was sleeping.
What's happening?!
(normal voice):I don't know.
Someone... someone get menude art books!
I need nude art books!
Oh, good, Chris.
You can hang thisNew York Times back on...
(gasps):Oh, a pee-pee!
Well, Chris, youkilled that librarian,
but we're glad to have youback to your old self.
Mrs. Lapardo worked atthat school for 54 years.
Well, at leastshe saw a little wang
before taking that dirt nap.
Thanks, you guys.
I guess chemical castrationisn't for everyone.
I-Is that... is thatthe lesson for this week?
Uh, I guess it's that orbe kinder on the tennis court.
Where have you been?
Captioned byMedia Access Group at WGBH </div>\t'