&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; Is violence in moviesand sex on TV &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; On which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; All the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; Laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
&#9834; Family Guy 14x05 &#9834;Peter, Chris &amp; BrianOriginal Air Date on November 8, 2015
== sync, corrected by elderman ==@elder_man
Hey, guys, do you like beer,
but can'tget drunk from beer?
Then try new Vodka Beer.
The can says "beer,"
but inside is 12 ouncesof carbonated vodka.
And the best part is,your wife will never know.
Honey, I'm so proud of you,
cutting down to onebeer a night.
Take off your underwear.
She don't know.
I got the mail.
Hey, does an octopuslive here?
Peter, that says"occupant."
Oh, that's too bad.
That would'vebeen awesome.
Oh look, Peter.
Here's something fromyour mother's estate.
Oh, looks like they finallysold her house.
And the last white dominoin that neighborhood falls.
Wow, they sold it?
So that means the house
and everything insideof it is gone?
Oh, sweetheart.
You thinking about all the goodtimes you had there?
No, I'm thinking aboutmy teenage porn stash.
It's still hiddenin the house.
Oh, okay, but I know thisis really about the memories.
Lactating slutson box springs.
The-The-The special timesgrowing up...
Bikini black chickssneezing.
Lois, stop making himreminisce about stuff.
You don't understand, Lois.
A boy's first collectionof nudie books
and girlie moviesis a sacred thing.
It can't fall intoa stranger's hands.
This is very serious.
I'm taking us to DEFCON 4.
What happens whenit hits DEFCON 1?
We see a dog wearing a wig.
Aw, heck, let's see that anyway.
That's not even a lady dog.
Hey, Peter, what's wrong?You've been real quiet.
I don't know,Quagmire.
I keep thinkingof my old pornos.
It's like I'm remindedof them everywhere I look.
You've been lookingat Cleveland a lot.
Plus, you know, whenpeople find that box,
they won't know that, like,for some of them magazines,
I just had them as,like, a joke.
You know, not 'cause, like,I was really into it.
Just the opposite.
For some of themmagazines.
Okay.
I'm going to bearrested for sure.
Peter, I know exactlywhere you're coming from.
You, Quagmire?
You enjoypornography, too?
Yup, and I know thata man's porn collection
must be secured andprotected at all costs,
until he getsashamed of it
and ditches it in an alleybehind a Kroger's.
Hey, I know!
What if we break intomy old house
and steal backmy big box of pornos?
What do you say?You guys with me?
You bet.Sure thing, Peter.
I mean, come on,we're a team.
Like fish and chipsand fat guys.
I want the double cheeseburger,
but I'm gonna go healthyand get the fish and chips.
Fish and chips!
Okay, you allremember the plan--
we walk up wearingour Bill Cosby masks...
Peter, that'sPresident Obama.
Aw, did I justdo a racism?
Hello? Can I helpyou gentlemen?
Hi.
You guys have been sittingin front of my house
for the last five hourstrying on Obama masks.
Is there somethingI can do for you?
We, uh... we-we werejust getting ready
to break into your house.
Excuse me?
Oh, hey, cool shirt.
What?Oh, thank you.
Look, what's this all about?
This guy used to livein your house
and a box of his old pornis still hidden in there.
We were gonna break inand take it.
And I was gonna staywith the rental van
because it's my namewhat's on the contract.
Oh. Well, you could've justknocked on the door and asked.
I don't want that stuff,I've got kids.
Get it out of there!
Really? Awesome!
Oh, well that was easierthan a game of Pai Gow poker.
Pai gow.You lose again!
That was awesome!
I can't believe these tablesare always empty.
You play again?Nope, out of money.
I'm just gonna waitfor my drink.
Who had the full glassof Goldschlager?
Ah. Sorry, can't tip.
I'm gonna take thisup to my room.
Oh, I'm on the wrong floor.
Almost time for lunch.
Ah...
How was everything?
Delicious.
The prime ribwas mostly fat.
Should I charge itto your room?
No, I had to check out,
even though myflight's not until midnight.
Now, how does one with no moneyget to the airport?
Hey, buddy, you'reblocking the outlet.
Oh, sorry.There was no chairs.
Hi, Peter.How was Vegas?
Oh, it's the best.
Sweet.
Now, which movieshould I start with?
"Back-Door Sluts 4."
Eh, I haven'tseen the first three,
I wouldn't know what's going on.
Here we go.
I want to watchall of these movies, nonstop.
I don't want to watchany more of these movies, ever.
Hey, Brian, you want to go fora ride to behind the Kroger's?
What?
That's weird. What's that?
Hello, Future Peter.Hi.
By the time you watch this,you'll be grown-up,
so I'm sure you're allowedto eat ice cream
and pizza for every meal.You know it.
Also, I bet you'rea big important doctor
like that Doogie Howser kidwho's getting so much ass.
Well, I was partly right.
I just hope to God
you're not stuckin some loser job,
like in a brewery,or a toy factory,
or a fishing boat.Oh, boy.
But, you know, I don't haveto worry about none of that.
I'm sure you'rea big, successful doctor.
Anyway, here's someConway Twitty.
&#9834; I know it's onlymake believe... &#9834;
This is annoying.
I don't wantto sit through this.
Man, I guess I ain't the bigsuccess I thought I'd be.
I know whatyou mean, Peter.
When I was young,I thought that someday
I'd produce upworthyweb content.
Am I doing it? Yes.
But not everyoneis so lucky.
Damn it, I suck.
I've never doneanything important.
Well, except for when I beatLarry Bird for a Big Mac.
Off the floor,off the scoreboard,
off the backboard,no rim.
&#9834; &#9834;
Right near the basket,underhanded,
effeminate gasp,over the backboard,
out of bounds, waddleover to get it,
slip on a towel,twist my ankle,
go to the emergency room,
doctors tell meit's not that bad
and I shouldn'thave come there,
I make them give mea cast anyway,
never play sports again.
Hey, I wonthe two-dollar sandwich.
&#9834; Highwayto the danger zone... &#9834;
Look at me.
I was beautiful.
What are youwatching?
It's just a teenage loserwho didn't realize
he had no futurein front of him.
Well, when you'redone with this,
Stewie is trapped betweenhis crib and the wall.
Help. Somebody help!
He's watchingan old video.
Okay, when he's done then.
&#9834; Gonna take youright into the danger zone... &#9834;
Oh, my God!
He's just rhyming "danger zone"with "danger zone."
Holy crap!
Chris, I wasjust like you!
What?
Listen to me, Chris.
I'm a failure in life,and that's all I'll ever be.
But it's not too late for you.
I won't let you go down my path.
What are you saying, Dad?
I'm saying, Chris,I am going to make sure
that you grow upto be a success.
Yeah, I'm going to bea success!
Uh, would you excuse mefor a moment?
Computer, what does"success" mean?
Chris, let me know when you'redone with the computer.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
No TV for you, Chris.
TV is how stupid losersspend their time.
Peter, what is this all about?
I'm trying to saveour son, Lois.
I don't want himto end up like me--
dead-end job,crappy house,
aging wife who's getting skinnywhere fat's supposed to be,
and fat where skinny'ssupposed to be.
Ha!Meg, go to your room.
Look, Peter, I'm gladyou're thinking
about Chris' future,but he's fine.
He's a perfectlynormal kid.
Are you crazy?Look at him.
He's over there intentionallygiving himself a nosebleed.
Yay!My nose is finally a woman!
Okay, so maybe he's a littlerough around the edges, but--
Oh, boy, a littlegot in my mouth there.
Yeah, I'm gonna haveto wash this shirt.
Anyway, I'm goingto help Chris
become a big,important success.
The same way Mumford turnedhis son into a success.
Okay, Dad, heading outto the concert.
Now, hold on a minute, son.
Where are your arm garters?
Your string tie?Your woolen vest?
You look nothing likea dry goods clerk
from the Garfieldadministration.
But, Dad...
No buts! You're a Mumford.
Now get upstairs,
put on a jauntytravelling hat,
and write the same song25 times.
Okay, now, Chris, if youwant to be a success,
you gotta look worldlyand sophisticated.
And to do that, you gotto dress like Lenny Kravitz,
with little something from everypart of he world pinned on you.
Leather bracelets!Nipple ring!
Zippers where zippersshouldn't be!
Wilma Flintstonepearl necklaces!
A fur shrugwith crocheted sleeves!
A hat on a hat!
A watch on your pinky toe!
And nothing says,"Look at me, I've been places"
like two lit road flareshanging from your sunglasses.
Hey, you look likeyou've been places.
Stop looking at me!
I do not wantthis attention!
Come on, Chris,let's get out of here.
Uh, what are you doing?
Well, I been tryingto make Chris
less of a fat dummy,and nothing seems to be working,
so now we're high-steppingaround in giant hats.
Tip of the giant hat, sir.
And to you, sir!
Yes, sir, smart dayto you, sir.
And I thank you, sir.
I scraped my knee bad!
Get up, Chris, you'reembarrassing yourself.
You look stupid and fat.
Peter, I have to ask--
are you pushingChris so hard
because it's what'sbest for him?
Or are you trying to make upor your own disappointment
about how your lifeturned out?
Brian, these are the biggesthats I could find,
so if your point is that there'seven larger ones available,
I would greet thatwith skepticism.
No, no, no, my point isthat you need to let Chris
find his own path.
Oh, my God,you're right, Brian.
He needs to be pointedto a very specific path.
And then forced to go down it.
No, no, that's-that's theopposite of what I just said.
Chris, your bestchance for success
is to be cultured andworldly, like our dog.
So starting right now,
you gotta follow Brian aroundand do everything he does.
What?!Come on, Brian.
You gotta show Chris howto turn out better than me.
I mean, you went to Brown,
you're a published author,
you can hear it first whenJoe falls out of the tub.
That's startingto happen more often.
But I guess you're right.
Maybe I am the guyto make a diamond
out of this lump of coal.
But only ifit's what Chris wants.
I don't care.
All right, I'll do it.
Just followmy lead, Chris.
'Cause I think youcould be something great.
Who knows?Maybe you'll even become
one of those missioncontrol leaders
who gets all thoughtfulwhile everybody's celebrating.
Apollo 13, this is MissionControl, do you copy?
Apollo 13, this ismission control, do you copy?
Do you copy, Apollo 13?
Mission Control,this is Apollo 13.
We're all okay.Good to be home.
Sir, you did it!
Sir, is everything okay?
Eh, I bought a Nook e-readera couple of years ago
and I'm still pissed about it.
&#9834; &#9834;
&#9834; &#9834;
&#9834; &#9834;
&#9834; &#9834;
Hey. Hey.
Chew that way.
Eh, dinner's no funwithout Chris here.
There's nobody here for meto wing my biscuit at.
Well, Peter, he's been spendingan awful lot of time with Bri--
Eh, it's notthe same.
Anyway, he and Brian have beenspending a lot of time together.
Really? You're goingto let that slide?
Guy throwsa biscuit at you?
Good evening, all.
Apologies for being so tardy.
Aw, Chris,you're not tardy.
We tested you twice.
There you guys are.We were wondering about you.
Brian and I have beenhaving a blast.
First we wentto a symphony.
Then we saw a smallindependent play
with real smoking in it.
And then we hitthe Quahog Book Festival
and went to a Q and A
to ask questions thatweren't really questions.
Wow, look at my sophisticatedyoung man.
You're certainly takingto Brian's example.
If anything,he's teaching me.
I mean, not really,but you-you know.
Aw, see, I knew Brian
could put Chris onthe path to success.
Hey, Chris,let's celebrate.
There's a new babypanda at the zoo.
How about you and mego chuck tater tots at it?
Chuck them at Lois.
She'll just sit thereand take it.
Oh, Dad.
That would've been finefor the old me,
but Brian and Ihave to be going.
Oh. Okay.
Yeah, we're off to seean old movie
on temporary screenin a muddy, freezing park.
That sounds awful.
It is awful.
But at least parkingwill be impossible.
Bye!
Geez, I... feel likeI just... lost my son.
Aw, I got a skin tag in my crack
and it stingswhen I don't wipe right.
This has beena bad dinner.
There you two are.
Sit down and join us.
I can't stay, Mom.
Brian's showing me
all of his favoritestuff to do.
Getting spooked whenthe furnace goes on?
We're participatingin an autism walk.
Looks like you'redoing it right now.
And we may be gone a while,
'cause after that we're goingdown to the Civic Center.
Michael Ian Black is cockinghis eyebrows for four hours.
Ha! He says the thingswe don't care to say.
Bye!
Man, I'm sick of how much timeChris is spending with Brian.
Probably smoochingpickles,
'cause they're a coupleof pickle smoochers.
It's like he ain'teven my son no more,
doing all thatfancy-pants stuff.
Oh, Peter,I know you miss him,
but this is whatyou wanted, isn't it?
Well, yeah, but I didn'trealize bettering himself
meant blowing offhis old man.
You know what?The hell with this.
I want my son back.Peter, relax.
Chris is just goingthrough a phase.
He'll grow out of it.
Just like you grew out of your"Walk Like An Egyptian" phase.
Paul was a good man.
A good friend.
I'll... I'll always rememberhow supportive he was when...
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I can't-I can't-I can't do this.
Check it out, Lois--when Chris notices
that "World's GreatestSon" mug I made,
he'll be back on board withhis old man in no time.
Hey, Chris,what's on the mug?
"World's Greatest Sun."
This world only has one sun.
What kind of idiotmade this mug?
&#9834; When everything'smade to be broken &#9834;
&#9834; I just want youto know who I am. &#9834;
&#9834; It might seems crazywhat I'm about to say... &#9834;
I'm very easilyinfluenced by music.
All right, Chris, now I knowyou're all sophisticated now,
but no man can resistthe siren call
of mentally impairedsupermodel Kate Upton.
Mm, sorry, Dad.
I'm more of a CatherineKeener man now.
But, Chris, you gotto take advantage.
The clock's tickingon Kate Upton.
She's almost at the endof her window.
Yup, we missed it.
Come on, get out of here.
Sorry, Lois, I need the TV.
I gotta win my son back.
What are youtalking about, Peter?
Well, you know howBrian's got Chris
watching all them fancyforeign films now?
Well, I figure I canlure Chris in
with this French movie--Le Rocqu&#233; Trois.
Rocqu&#233;!
Adrienne!
Rocqu&#233;!Adrienne!
J'pit&#233; Le fool.
Oh, Clubbert Lange!
Peter, thisis pointless.
You wanted Christo be a better person
with a bright future,
and thanks to Brian,that's what he has now.
Yeah, but, I don't evenrecognize Chris these days.
And I never getto spend time with him.
It's like Chrisain't my friend no more.
Thanks for coming to the bookclub meeting, everyone.
Well, I gotta say,I loved this week's book--
Annie Proulx'sThe Shipping News.
Yes, yes! Yes.
Very Portnoy's Complaint.
Uh, I don't... What, uh,what do you mean by that?
Oh, you know, justwith... the-the port,
and the shipping.
And of course,in Portnoy's Complaint
you've got the guy who'sliving near the water...
That doesn't sound right.
...and he hated the noisefrom the local port,
so he filed one ofthe very first
port noise complaintsin maritime law.
And for those of us whoread the complaints,
trust me, they werevery warranted.
Brian, could I talkto you over here?
Oh, let's dog-ear thisfor a sec.
This one gets it.
Brian, what the hellare you talking about?
You clearly haven't readeither of those books.
Whoa, Chris, now you're startingto sound like Mark Twain,
whose real namewas Samuel Clemens.
Oh, that is so your go-to!
I can't believe you.
I thought you were thisworldly, sophisticated guy,
but you're just a fraud--like Moses.
And the Lord's EleventhCommandment--
"Moses gets to befirst in line at the buffet."
What?!Oh, seriously?
I know, you guys,it's so lame,
but that's what it says.
Why are you doing that?
Why are you huckingtater tots at a baby panda?
'Cause I'm oddlyattracted to him
and it frightens me.
See, this is whyyou're so great, Dad.
You don't pretendto be someone you're not.
You do what you want, and youdon't care what anyone thinks.
Well, I-I care what you think.
Look, Chris, you're my kid,and I want what's best for you,
but I guessI just don't want you
to become too goodfor your old man.
Don't worry, Dad.
I could never betoo good for you
because you're the best.
And I want to be just like youwhen I grow up.
Really?Aw, thanks, Chris.
Tater tot?
It's fun, right?Yeah!
And the mama panda doesn'tdo anything about it,
because she was blinded to makeher more submissive.
Ha-ha! You're right.
You know, Chris,all this started
'cause I was feeling badabout being a failure.
But you know what?I got you for a son.
So maybe I did something right.
I love you, Dad.
Come on, Chris.
Let's go get an $18 Coke atthe terrible zoo restaurant.
Yay! Sticky tablescovered in bees!
Coming up, we'll tell youwhere to look
when talking to a coworkerin the bathroom.
The answermight surprise you.
Well, I think we alllearned something today.
In other news,TVs still make noise,
even when peopleresume their conversations.
Yes, studies have determined...That's right, Peter.
And it's the most important lesson.
Everyone should bewho they are.
Success is beingtrue to yourself.
Amen, Mom.
But to have the love of yourfamily, that's true success.
Let's go ahead andturn off the TV.
There we go.
== sync, corrected by elderman ==@elder_man </div>\t'