&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; Is violence in moviesand sex on TV &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; On which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; All the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; Laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
Ah, Smitty's Steakhouse.
You know, this was thefanciest restaurant in Quahog
when I was a kid.
The ladies' room has a big space
with chairs in it,like a living room,
before you get backto where the crappers are.
Good evening andwelcome to Smitty's.
I'll be back withmartinis for Mom and Dad,
and for you kids,some martinis.
Dad, can you passthe bread?
Sure. But don't forgetthe butter that looks like
decorative bathroom soaps andis impossible to smear.
Thanks, Dad!This really ruins it!
What will yoube having, sir?
Yes, I'll have what I had lasttime: pheasant on the glass.
Don't you mean"pheasant under glass"?
Nope.
(chirping)
Yeah. Now turn aroundand lay an egg on the glass.
Aw, yeah.
I defy you to tell meexactly what's wrong with this.
Oh, Peter, look.You can put your business card
in this bowland maybe win a free lunch.
I don't have abusiness card.
And I thinkyou knew that.
I hope you enjoyedyour meal, sir.
May I offer youa toothpick?
Oh, I-I don't know.
We've already spenta lot of money in here tonight.
No, sir, it-it's free.
Oh!
Peter, that's nothow you use a toothpick.
You pick your teethwith it.
I cannot believeI have to explain this to you.
There are gaps in my knowledge.This is hardly news.
Wow, this is awesome!
This is likeI'm having a whole second meal!
Man, this just feels right.
That's it. From here on out, Iam about all things toothpick.
I'm gonna go everywhere withit, always be chewing on it,
and start all mysentences with,
"All right, here'swhat you're gonna do."
Excuse me, we'refrom out of town.
Where do people go to listento live music around here?
I'll handle this. All right,here's what you're gonna do.
Skip the live music.Get yourself a room
over at the Wickford Marina.Take her out on a balcony,
point to any boat in the harbor,and tell her it's yours.
Now, you got rubbers?Now that I'm a toothpick guy,
I call 'em rubbers.Or you could just pull the hose
out of the bucketand let it spray free.
I've had a vasectomy.
Chris, now that I'm a toothpickguy, it's my job to sit
on a BMX bikeoutside the rec center
and ask every kidif they're the new kid.
Hey. You the new kid?
Why?Never mind why.
Got any cool toys?
Uh, I got an Xbox.
How about you?I got a Barbiewith a wiener on it.
Took a thumb from a G.I. Joe,put it on with superglue.
Looks pretty real.Real enough, anyways.
Does the job.Does what job?
You get it.
My family moves around a lot'cause I do stuff like this.
Um, okay.
I got to go now.You sure you don't want
to come over and pullon my cat's nipples?
We can do anything,'cause my mom has two jobs.
All right,I'm off to the fish market.
What? Why?
Well, the most intimidatingpeople are toothpick guys
who work at seafood countersand make people uncomfortable
for not knowingabout fish.
What's good here?It's all good.
What's the freshest?It's all fresh.
How 'bout the halibut?Is it gamey?Gamey?
I mean, you know,is it fishy?It's all fish.
Is there a special wayto prepare it?I'd cook it up.
W-Well, what'sthe best fish here?
What's your favorite fish?
I don't eat fish.I only like spaghetti.
Ugh, when are you gonnaget rid of that toothpick?
It's disgusting,and it's starting to smell.
Why would I give it up?It's getting me tons of tail.
What?
And check this out.
The rare triple toothpick flip.
(choking)
Oh, my God,are you all right?
(coughs)No, I swallowed it!
My toothpick! It's gone!
Damn it! I'm gonna needyou to put that large
two-handed colanderover the toilet.
Peter, that wasa wedding present from my aunt.
Well, let's usethe ice cream maker!
We've never used it once!
Calm down. You can alwaysget another toothpick.
Oh, my God, you're right!
Lois, we got to driveto Smitty's right now
and get one.Now?
But we told Chris we'd be therewhen he wakes up from surgery.
All right, we were ableto fix your hernia,
but you've got to stoplifting sewer hole covers.
But the Ninja Turtleslive down there.
I'm friends with them.
Hey, fat ass,I brought you flowers.
But stay out of the sewers!We're trying to work down there.
Thanks, Donatello!
(tires screech)
Oh, thank God!
Quick, we needanother toothpick!
Thank you, Maurice.
Just get your toothpickand let's get out of here.
Ugh. No, thanks.
That old lady has ruinedtoothpicks for me.
Just like how Megruined broccoli.
Hey, Meg, look,they're little trees!
No, they're not.
They're not?!
Hey, Peter!
Oh, look, there's Quagmireand his transgendered mother,
which is now great.
Hey, Quagmire. Hey, Ida.
I didn't knowyou liked Smitty's.
Oh, yeah, I've beencoming here for ages.
They even named a sandwichafter me.
It's an inside-out hot dogslathered in ketchup.
Please, pleasejoin us.
Oh, we wouldn't wantto interrupt your brave dinner.
Nonsense, we're happyto have you.
All right,but we already ate dinner,
so maybe just an iceberg wedge,a steak and some sides.
And then I said something randomthat suggested
a whole crazy story!
(laughter)
Oh, God, that'shilarious, Lois.
I could listen toyou talk all night.
Yeah, but we got to get going.Carter's our babysitter,
and if he's with the kids toolong, they start saying racisms.
Aw, I wish the fundidn't have to end.
I always enjoy spending timewith you two.
Well, why don't youcome over tomorrow?
We'll fire up the grill and havethe gang over for a cookout.
Well, thatsounds wonderful.Well, great, we'll be there!
Hey, before you twoleave, let's take a photo.
Yeah! Selfie!(laughs)
I just learned that word.
Perfect! Well, goodnight, you guys.
See you tomorrow,hashtags!
You're not doingthat right.
Boy, that Lois is reallysomething, isn't she?
Yeah. Peter's a lucky guy.
Glenn, do you...
do you have feelings for her?
What? (scoffs)
No.
A mother always knows.
You like to play thefield, but, deep down,
you really wish you had awoman like Lois, don't you?
No, I don't want a womanlike Lois.
I want Lois.
She's perfect.I've loved her for years.
She's warm and kindand beautiful.
I've never been so in lovewith anyone.
Glenn, that'svery sweet,
but you're talking aboutyour best friend's wife.
I know, I know.It's wrong.
And Peter'sa good friend.
Not like Cleveland.
Hey, I got twoof these phone books.
Didn't knowif you wanted one.
Hey, how longhave we known each other?
Long time. And yet we've neverdiscussed mothers' maiden names,
the names of old pets,high school mascots,
favorite teachers.
Heck, I don't even know
the last four digitsof your Social.
Cleveland, do you needto borrow some money?
I do!They're gonna kill Donna!
Really?No. I just wantto buy a man's fur coat.
Get out of here.
(distant knocking)
(door opens in distance)Hey, Peter,
I had an extraphone book, and I...
PETER: I'm not buying youthat coat!(door slams)
(snoring)
(coughing)Huh? Who? What?
Yeah, what? What? Whichdoggy in what window?
So, how'd everything go?
Hard to tell. I wascoughing the whole time.
By the way, I couldn't figureout how to use your oven,
so I destroyed itin a blind rage.
Well, good night.
Ooh, after that steak, I gotto go lay down on the toilet.
(phone vibrates)
Huh. Looks like I gota couple of messages.
(banging noises over phone)STEWIE (recorded): Uh, Dad? Dad?
Grandpa's going nutson the oven.
Can you come home quick?
Who the hell is that?
Huh. There's one from Quagmire.
(muffled conversation)
Huh, must'vepocket-dialed me again.
QUAGMIRE:I want Lois. She's perfect.
I've loved her for years.
She's warm and kindand beautiful.
I've never been so in lovewith anyone.
Oh, my God!
Quagmire's in love with my wife?
(phone vibrates)Hello?
LOIS: Peter, I'm having troubleson the toilet.
Bring the ice cream maker.
Brian, there's something Igot to talk to you about.
Quagmire pocket-dialedme last night.
You got to hear this.
QUAGMIRE:I want Lois. She's perfect.
I've loved her for years.
Oh, my God!
He's in love with Lois?
Yeah, and if you keeplistening, you can hear
a Puerto Rican busboy getfired in the background.
It's pretty funny.He cries.
But can youbelieve Quagmire?!
Well, I guessit's not that shocking.
I mean, he has said 100 timesthat he wants to bang Lois.
No, no, no, that's justQuagmire being a horn-dog.
This is love.I don't know.
I think you're makingtoo big a deal out of this.
Too big a deal?! The guy'sbeen sitting next to me
all these years,acting like he's my friend,
when all he really wantsis to be with my wife!
Geez, calm down.No, I'm telling you,
he's gonna try to takeLois away from me.
You know what? I'm goingover there right now
and hit him with a shovel, likea white trash YouTube girl.
Peter, wait, wait.Listen.
Delete that messageand pretend you never heard it.
What? Why?
Because you weren't meantto hear it.
If you act on this, all you'lldo is wreck your friendship
and cause heartachefor everyone involved.
What, so what am I supposedto do, just ignore it?
Yeah. Ignore it.
Like you do with the ghostof that colonial woman
who diedfalling down our stairs.
(moaning): I sawyou eat a crayon.
It was purple.I thought it was grape.
Look, you've got to bethe bigger man.
You got to just keep thisto yourself.
(sighs) Fine, Iwon't say anything.
Good. And don't bepassive-aggressive, either.
Like one of those songsin an old musical.
(jaunty melody plays)
&#9834; You're hideous &#9834;
&#9834; To be without &#9834;
&#9834; You're big and fat &#9834;
&#9834; In the heart,no doubt &#9834;
&#9834; You're a horrible loss &#9834;
&#9834; If you won't be my wife &#9834;
&#9834; You're a raging,continuous &#9834;
&#9834; Love in my life... &#9834;
Pretty good turnoutfor this thing.
Oh, yeah, Mortand Neil Goldman.
It's like Coachella.
There's that son of a bitch.
He's got some nerveshowing up here.
Peter, remember whatwe talked about.
Look at them cloudsup there.
Yeah, that onelook like Nathan.
That one looklike Shawn.
And there go Wanyaover there.
How blessed are we to haveall them Boyz II Men
just floating aroundin the sky?
Glenn! Ida!You made it!
Hey, Lois. I brought thehamburger buns, like you wanted.
I wasn't surewhat people like,
so I got some with seeds on themand some without.
What does he meanby that, "seeds"?
Like semen?Is that what he means?
Semen on her buns.Am I the only one hearing this?
Get the hell away from my wife,you scumbag!
Peter, what are youtalking about?
I'll tell youwhat I'm talking about!
I'm talking about this!
PETER (recorded):Idea for a movie.
Fop Cop. It's a copwho's, like, a fancy guy.
Nobody heard that!None of you take that!
What I meant to play was this.
QUAGMIRE:I want Lois. She's perfect.
I've loved her for years.
Fop Cop.That could work.
Glenn...i-is this true?
Wait a minute, how the hell'dyou get that recording, Peter?
You pocket-dialed me,you bastard!
Peter, that was aprivate conversation.
That doesn't change the factthat you want to steal my wife!
Hey, get yourhands off me!
LOIS:Oh, my God!
JOE:Oh, come on, you two.CLEVELAND: Come on, now.
Hey, what are y'all doing?Stop! Stop it!
Kill him, Dad!
Murder him!
(Quagmire and Peter grunting)
That's it!End of cookout!
Get out of my house, and don'tever speak to me again!
Wow, that turned ugly fast.
Just like my trip to Tampa Bay.
Hey, city boy,what's with the arm pants?
QUAGMIRE:I want Lois. She's perfect.
I've loved her for years.
(groans) You're stilllistening to that thing?
It's like, I can't even processwhy he'd feel this way.
Maybe... you know, maybeplay it one more time and...
I can't believe this.
I thought Quagmirewas my friend!
Peter, it's notthat surprising.
He's always had apotent sex drive.
Remember hisgrandmother's funeral?
(quietly):Yeah, get it in there.
Oh, I wish this wasabout sex.
If he was just homebusting one to his buddy's wife,
hell, we've all done that.
I've heard. Allegedly.
But not often.And never to Donna.
Except when she worethose shiny gold shorts
to parent-teacher night.
Oh, yeah, thatwas hilarious.
(laughs): Yeah, that was...that was so tacky.
But if Quagmire actually hasfeelings for you,
I'm afraid he might take youaway from me.
Peter, nobody'staking me anywhere.
I love you.
Mmm.
I love you, too, Lois.
Hey, you ever heardany of the other wives
saying they'reattracted to me?
(laughs)
No, um, not thatI recall, no.
Look, now thatthis is settled,
maybe you and Glenn canput this behind you.
No way! How am I supposedto be friends with someone
who's in love with my wife?
Quagmire is dead to me
and needs to be dealt within an appropriate manner.
Shame.
Shame.
Shame.
(bell rings)
Shame.
(to "Chain of Fools"):&#9834; Shame, shame, shame &#9834;
&#9834; Shame on you-hoo &#9834;
&#9834; Shame, shame, shame &#9834;
&#9834; Shame on Q... &#9834;
This was serious, but itturned into something fun.
Glenn? Is that you?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I was just buying a...a... grocery store cane.
See you, Lois.
Glenn, wait.Look, if you and Peter
aren't gonna talk this out,you and I should.
What's thereto talk about?
Everyone knows I'm in lovewith my best friend's wife.
It's pathetic.And humiliating.
Glenn...
I can't trust myselfaround you.
It's probably best if I...just never see you again.
Well, you can't justavoid me forever.
We live onthe same street.
Mm.
Well, then...I know what I have to do.
Good-bye, Lois.
&#9834; &#9834;
Oh, sour cream.
You wanted meto remind you.
Sour cream.
Mr. Quagmire, which boxdo these beads go in?
Let me smell 'em.
They go in the big box.
Quagmire, I can'tbelieve you're moving.
Look, give it time--this whole thing will blow over.
No, it's too awkward.
It's best for everyoneif I just leave.
That's too bad.
We never got to dothat "Joe-Quagmire" lunch.
Well, that'll do it.
Peter, Quagmire'sserious about this.
You got to do something!
You're right.
Quagmire, wait!
You almost leftwithout this!
You want me to be the onethat says "jiggety" now?
TV ANNOUNCER:We now return to Dateline.
Our story tonight:The guy you think did it?
He did it.
Now go to bed.
Your grandkidsare coming tomorrow.
I had a pretty goodegg dish last night.
What? What-what am I supposedto do with that information?
Well, I don't know.Maybe ask me for the recipe?
Do you have it?No.
So what's going onwith you guys?
Nothing much.
See, this is where Quagmirenormally would have told
one of hisoutrageous sex stories.
Aw, we don't need him.I got a sex story for you.
So I'm banging this chick,and she's saying to me,
"I'm worried that Chris won'tget into college."
And then I says to her,
"Yeah, that seems likea legitimate concern."
And then I lost my wood,and so we just watched Colbert,
and then I took a dumpcompletely nude.
Who else but Peter?
Peter, face it-- withoutQuagmire, we're boring.
Oh, come on,that ain't true.
Yes, it is. He hadall the fun ideas.
Remember? He eventook me parasailing.
This is awesome!It's like I'm flying!
(whooping)
I've never felt so alive!
Oh, if onlyI had a pair of legs.
All right!
(munching loudly)
It was the fish part of methat wanted 'em!
(sighs)
Look, Peter, I'm sorryQuagmire moved away,
but you can't just sit aroundthe house and drink all day.
It's all your faultQuagmire fell in love with you.
Traipsin' aroundin your tan pants
and your green shirtand your soothing voice.
My fault?!
Yeah, everything is messed up.
I lost my best friend,my buddies are all fighting,
that chick at work is sayingstuff that ain't true.
Okay, you know what?
Enough feelingsorry for yourself.
We're fixing this now.Get in the car.
What? Why?You'll see.
Why should I trust you?
You're always tricking me intogoing places I don't want to.
Oh. You said we were goingto a place Walt Disney built.
No, Peter.I said "supported."
(bright fanfare playing,fireworks whistling)
LOIS: By the way,don't go on the train ride.
I've been playinga game I invented
called "mini racquetball"in your garage.
Uh-huh.It's pretty fun.
He has not wona single point.
You don't have to winto have fun.
(knocking on door)
Lois?
Peter. Zod.
Hey. You're parked behindmy trapezoid-thing.
Yeah, yeah,I'll move it in a sec.
Glenn, all this nonsensehas to stop now.
The only reasonthis became an issue is because
Peter heard somethinghe wasn't supposed to hear.
CLEVELAND:Guy from Superman lives here?!
And the truth is,we all have private thoughts
we don't act on,and that's okay.
For instance, every timeI'm on the subway,
I want to push a strangeronto the tracks.
And that's fine!
I don't do it!
I guess you're right.
I don't totally disagree withwhat Kim Jong-un's doing,
but you don't seeme moving there.
I take medicineI get from the veterinarian.
Is that one?
No, no, it's not,but the point is,
we all have secret thoughts.
But there's no reason theyshould ruin our friendships.
Sometimes I think aboutgoing to the hospital
and switchingthe babies around.
Somali piratesseem cool, too.
I wouldn't mind eatingthe Phillie Phanatic.
See? We're allterrible people inside.
Joe's a little worsethan the rest of us,
but we all just shoveour thoughts deep down
where they can'thurt anybody.
Huh, maybe you're right.
Of course I'm right.
The secret to happiness isburying all your true feelings
and living a lifeof bland compromise.
So here's the question, Glenn.
Do you love Peter enoughto repress your love for me?
Peter, if you're willingto forget all about this,
I'm more than happy to continuehiding my true feelings.
I do miss ushanging out together.
Huh. Sorry I kind ofwent a little crazy.
Ah, that's all right.
And I'm sorryI will always love your wife.
Which I don't.
Thank you, Glenn.
All right!
What do you saywe all celebrate
with a gameof mini racquetball?
Wait. Is mini racquetballjust Ping-Pong?
Kind of.
Boy, it's good to havethe gang together again.
Yeah, welcome home, buddy.
Man, I missed sitting around,just shooting the breeze.
Hey, so how'd you getyour house back?
This ought to be good.
I suspended escrow.
Oh.
Hey, guys, you know that eggdish I was talking about?
Turns out that wasjust a dream I had.
Captioned byMedia Access Group at WGBH </div>\t'