&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; Is violence in moviesand sex on TV &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; On which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; All the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; Laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
Hey, great idea bringingthe couch out here
from your den, Peter.Yeah, Lois and I
dragged it out here last nightfor a little hump sesh,
so I figured I'd let it dry.
"Couch." That'sone of those words
that if you say itover and over
it starts to sound silly.
Joe, you need to takea class on small talk.
You're not gonna believethis-- I'm in one.
It sure is cloudy today.
Good. You could havealso responded to Janet,
who said her son died.
I'm sorry your son diedon such a cloudy day.
All right, kids,here's your bacon.
I call thepaper towel!Aw, damn it!
Ha-ha! You got to move fastwhen Meg's at the table, Brian.
All right, well, I get the boxwhen we have pizza for dinner.
(muffled): Uh-uh. Itdoesn't work that way.
You got to call itwhen it's happening.
Good morning, family.I'll be out front
with the guysif anybody needs me.
Peter, I thoughtwe were gonna try
to get the garden goingagain today.
I know, sweetie, but thenI realized how stupid that is.
Okay, bye. You guysare my everything.
Why'd you ever marry him?
Believe it or not, he used tolook like a young Gene Hackman.
That's... that-that'snot even good.
It's gone!
What? What's gone?
Our drinking couch!Somebody must've stole it!
You left a couchout on the curb?
Well, somebody probably thoughtit was trash and took it.
You said you were gonna bringthe couch right back in!
What were you thinking?I'll tell youwhat I was thinking.
I was thinking we livedin a safe neighborhood.
But apparently,I was wrong!
Wait, you're sayingyou were wr-wr...
wr-wro...
wr-wrrr...
Oh, I get it--the Fonz can't say "wrong."
No, Peter, he's 70--he's having a stroke.
Wow, Peter, I thinkstarting a community watch
is a great idea.Yeah, I even got shirtsmade up for us.
This is quality work.
Where did you get these?Via the Web?
Hey, listen, Joe, um,
you think youcan get us all guns?
No, Peter,they're too dangerous.
Besides, you can'tjust go get a gun,
you have to be certifiedin gun safety,
go through an extensivebackground screening process.Got 'em.
Whoa. How'd youget 'em so quick?
Eh, it was easy-- likepressing that "easy" button
at the officesupply store.
Hey, thanksfor all your help.No problem.
Why don't you go aheadand hit the "easy" button.Okay.
What did I just do?Don't worry about it.
Hey, Quagmire,you're a sex guy.
You watch any good,uh... pornos lately?
I mean...I-I guess.
So what's your pleasure?
What kind ofmovies you like?
I don't know.MILF stuff's kind of cool.
What-what about you?
Me? I have veryparticular tastes.
I like a soapy bottom.What?
Soft-coresoaped-up butts,
like from a PG-13camp movie.
I can't get enough of it.Drives me wild.
Okay, let's talkabout something else.
All right. Uh...
it's kind of too coolfor the air-conditioner
and too warm forthe heater, huh?
(groans)
Ah, got to walkthat boner off, huh?
Yeah.
Hey, guys, youbetter come with me.
There's some weird, big-noseguy hiding in the bushes
outside somechick's house.
(whisperinginaudibly)
"My heart alwaystimidly hides itself
behind my mind."
(whispers)
"I set outto bring down stars
from the sky..."
(punches landing)"Ow. Ow.
"Oh, my God,four men are beating me.
"My arm.I think it is broken.
"Who are you guys?
"Why? Why?
"I'll give you anything ifyou would only stop hitting me.
"Please stop pulling my nose.
"It is not fake.
"I think I am dying.
Please take me to the hospital."
Your words have bewitched me.
I need your arms around me.
(whispers): Come tomy chamber at once.
"Come to my chamberat once."
And bring pound cake."And bring pound cake."
Peter, pleasecome to bed.
Enough of thecommunity watch.
We live on a verysafe street.
Lois, you wouldn't believethe things we see out there.
There was a kid riding his bikewhile holding a tennis racket.
For real.Come on!Let's fool around,
or watch a movie,
or finally click that"Crackle" icon on the TV.
Lois, I aman unelected vigilante,
and I take my jobvery seriously.
Like Serious George.
Hey, George, wantto go to the park?
Uh, thank you, but no.
It's a beautiful day--lots of mischief to get into.
I don't doubt that,
but as you can see,I'm pretty busy.
I'm trying to geta head start on my taxes.
Oh, I see-- tryingto figure out a way
to deduct bananas?
Ah. 'Cause I eatbananas. Terrific.
Hey, your inside,so don't wear a hat.
Unless you're leaving,which would be terrific also.
(crickets chirping)
(clacking)
What the hell? Hey, you!
(clacking)
Step away from that table.
(chuckling):Brain fart. Window. Sorry.
Hold it right there!
I'm warning you!Hands where I could see 'em.
&#9834; &#9834;
Cleveland Jr.?!
Mr. Griffin! You shot me!
Oh, my God!
LOIS (calls):Peter, where are you?
Peter? Okay, I'm startingThe Good Wife without you.
Phew! Heh.
Unlike you,I just dodged a bullet.
Okay, next is the...brown family.
Oh. Oh, my goodness.I'm-I'm so sorry.
Sometimes I writedescriptions of my patients
to help meremember them.
No, it's okay.Our last name is Brown.
(exhales):Oh, okay. Phew.
Ah, then this must be"Chubster Dumb-Dumb."
(loud clattering)
NURSE:I'm sorry, sir. No visitors.
Excuse me, I'll have you knowI'm the shooter!
So, uh, how's he doing?
"How's he doing"?!How do you think he's doing!
You shot my son!
Look, Cleveland,I-I'm real sorry.
I thought someone was breakinginto your house, and I panicked.
It was dark. I-I...I don't know why
he didn't just sayit was him.
I couldn't hear you.I was listening to music,
I went to turn it down,and the next thing I know.
you shot me!Why the hell were youclimbing in the window
of your own houseanyway?
My dad says opening the door
lets out too muchair-conditioning.
I already have a bulletin my son,
I don't need onein my wallet.
You wouldn't have firedthat gun if he was white!
That's not true--I'll shoot anybody.
Joe, give meyour gun.
Here you go...Hey, wait a second!
Look, let's all just calm down.
Calm down?!
I want this racistout the room,
and I want him arrested!
Racist? I put thesegloves on for everybody.
Oh, oh, you'retalking to him.
Look, the police department hasdeemed the shooting accidental.
Given the circumstances,Peter was within his rights
to fire his weapon.
And what about my son's rightsnot to be shot?!
Look, Cleveland...
Lat... Latisha?
I thought he had a gun.
I'd never want to do anythingto hurt you or your family.
You're my friend.
I was your friend.
Now, get out of here!
You're nothing buta worthless bigot!
Wow, I really messed up.
I haven't felt this bad sinceI drove by that speed sign.
Aw...
Hey, does anybody knowif Cleveland's coming by?
I was hoping to apologizeand collect his deposit
for the communitywatch shirts.I talked to him earlier.
He, uh, he doesn't wantto be anywhere near you.
Hey, look-- they're talkingabout the shooting.
Good evening.Two nights ago
there was a shooting right herein our own backyard.
The victim: a 14-year-old boynamed Cleveland Brown Jr.
Joining me tonight ishis father, Cleveland Brown.
So that's not really Quahog?It's just a big picture?
Now, Mr. Brown, I understandyou're trying to get the police
to reopen the investigation.
That's right, Tom.My family and I believe
this shooting was a hate crime,and we'd like to see Mr. Griffin
held accountablefor his actions.
Hate crime? That's crazy!
I love all people!
I love blacks, I love Asians...
hell, I even lovegay Aborigines.
(blowing deep tone)
(blowing deep tone)
(electronic dance beat playing)
Wow, this isjust great, Peter.
Everyone in townhates us now.
The cashier at the grocery storetold her to "push on,"
and thenshe snapped her fingers,
and now I think she's my newfavorite lady in the world.
I don't understand.I'm not a racist.
It's well documentedthat my dream three-way
is S. Epatha Merkersonand CCH Pounder.
S., this is CCH.
CCH, this is S.
It is my intentionthat we conduct this
with both sexinessand dignity.
Peter, this is ahot-button issue.
I mean, you shot anAfrican-American kid.
Of course this isn'tjust gonna go away.
Well, there's got to besomething I can doto make things right.
I'll just haveto prove to everybodythat I'm not a racist.
How are yougonna do that?Well, for starters,
I'm gonna head overto the YMCA.
There's nothingblack guys like more
than out-of-shapeindoor-basketball white guys.
(derisive laughter)
Hey! I'm tryingmy best here.
And trying iswhat matters most of all.
You're right, Peter.
We need to giveyou a chance,
no matter whatcolor your skin is.
Come on, let'splay some ball.
"...and then Peter and hisnew friends went for ice cream."
The end.
Okay, kids, are your parentsout of the room?
Good. Let's get backto Sloppy Floppers magazine.
What are you doing?
Lois, to show I'm in touchwith what it's like
to be African-American,I am gonna go to the middle
of the town square, get nakedand paint myself brown.
No, no, that'soffensive.
You can't pretendto be black.
That's a stupid idea.
What?It's a stupid idea!
You're a stupid man!A stupid, stupid man!
Ow, you're hurting me!Stop it, stop it, Lois!
No! I'm so sickof your crap.
Why do you alwaysdo these stupid things?
And why do you always announcethem to me before you do them?
Are you tryingto get a rise out of me?
Are you happy now?Is this what you want?
Oh, no,it's not what I want!
It's not what I want.I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(Peter sobbing)
It's never been this bad before.What do we do?
What we always do.
I'm in charge of my head--that much I know!
What the hellare you doing on my property?
Look, it's time webury the hatchet.
So I brought a bottleof your favorite booze.
Now let's just have a drinkand put this all behind us.
I don't wantnothing from you.
Well, hold on,I got something else.
Cigars. We can smoke 'emtogether, all happy,
like a bunch of douche bagsoutside a wedding.
Peter, get out of here.
I'm never gonna forgive youfor what you did.
Aw, come on.This'll change your mind.
Oh, my God!Quick, do something!
It's not working.Get rid of it!
(all murmuring)
(all gasp)
Get your familyout of that house!
If they don't leave,they'll die.
Round up your familyand get out
or you're allgonna be sorry.
Get out, now!
(all gasp)
See, kids, I told youwe'd make friends here.
I guess me getting transferredby the Xerox Corporation
wasn't the worst thingafter all.
(loud, overlapping shouting)
(siren toots)
(loud, overlapping shouting)
Oh, thank God, Joe.
Are you here to give me thedeposit for the shirts?
No, Peter, I'm here to place youunder arrest
for the attempted murderof Cleveland Junior.
What are you talkin' about?You know it was an accident.
Yeah, but let's just say,public opinion has shifted.
And the boys upstairs saidthey can no longer ignore it.
Who the hell arethe "boys upstairs?"
I have no idea.There's no elevator.
But whoever they are,
they're pretty steamedabout this whole thing.
Peter, what-what'sgoing on?
They're taking me to jail!
Oh, my God!
Don't worry, Dad!
I'll send you a cakewith a file in it!
These are just the owner manualsfor all our kitchen appliances.
Well, guess I finally have time
to learn to reset the clockon the coffee maker.
MORGAN FREEMAN:He never did.
You're-you're, uh...
you're not gonnarape me, are you?
Of course I'm notgonna rape you.
I'm gonna make youfall in love with me.
Then... we'llsee what happens.
Oh, no.It's already working.
Griffin, you have a visitor.
Carter? What areyou doing here?
Hello, Griffin.
I'd like to talk to youabout these charges
that have beenbrought against you.
Why don't we go somewherea little more private?
I, uh, guess I'll see youin a little bit?
It's gonna feellike an eternity.
How is it that I'm onlyjust now meeting you?
Look, Carter, yougot to believe me.
I didn't shoot ClevelandJunior because he was black!
Hey, you don't haveto tell me that.
But the media's out theremaking you look like a monster,
all for exercisingyour constitutional rights.
Grover's a monster.
But don't worry.We're gonna get you out of this.
I'll be damnedif I'm gonna sit back
and let them do thisto one of my own.
What, you meanyour family?Huh?
Oh, yeah, yeah, that.Yeah, right.
Look, I'm gonnabail you out of here,
set you up with my lawyer,and get these charges dropped.
Well, how you gonna do that?
Don't worry.I'll come up with a good story,
and they'll eat it up.
Not like when I readmy JAG fan fiction
at the NCIS convention.
"JAG stood up and yelled,
"'Objection, Your Honor,by Navy law.'
"He then turnedto the lady lawyer,
"the gal from the October Maxim,
"who still managed to be hot
"despite her sexless,pageboy haircut.
Or perhaps because of it."
Boo!Terrible!
Right branch of the military,wrong investigative arm!
(loud crowd chatter)
And I was trying toget back into my house,
and my neighbor,Mr. Griffin, shot me.
He saidhe felt threatened by me,
and that hurt even worsethan getting shot!
GALLERY:Aw!
Your Honor, permissionto hug the witness?
Granted.
(crying)
Don't worry,Mr. Griffin.
You're every bitas sympathetic
as this chubby-cheekedcocoa angel.
I haven't been listening.What's goin' on?
I don't think it'slost on any of us
that the laws arewritten on white paper.
Yeah, white paper.Check your jacket pocket.
"I don't think it'slost on any of us
that the laws arewritten on white paper."
Hey, look,I'm just saying,
it's no surprise thatjustice isn't colorblind.
Check your otherjacket pocket.
"Hey, look, I'm just saying
it's no surprise thatjustice isn't colorblind."
Stewie, you're a jerk!
Check Chris' pocket.
What? There's nothingin here, and...
Oh, God, the bottom of thepocket's been cut out!
Thanks, Brian!
I was the mastermindbehind this whole thing!
Your witness.
All right, watch this.
This is where we take controlof the situation.
Mr. Brown, you testifiedthat you were listening to music
at the time of the shooting.
That's right.
And isn't Jay-Z music?Yes.
And doesn't he have the lyrics,"I put the gun to you.
"I'll kill ya, I'll chop ya up,
put ya inside the mattresslike drug money"?
(gallery gasping)
I was listeningto Neil Sedaka's Hanukkah album.
And isn't truethat your last name
is the sameas Chris Brown's?
Yes, but I don't see what--
And what did Chris Browndo to Rihanna?
He hit her, like,a hundred times.
Your Honor, I'd liketo enter into evidence
this photo of abadly beaten Rihanna
as well as this print adfor the Entourage movie.
Why?!
I can't unsee this!
Who is this for?!
What's he doing?
He's making Cleveland Jr.look like a thug.
I know.That's the idea.
You don't want to goback to jail, do you?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Mr. Brown, pleasepick up this knife.
Aah!He's got a knife!
(crowd gasping)
(grunting)
This isn't fair!
They're making my sonlook like a common hoodlum!
Joe, you're a cop!
Do something!
No, the soapcovers everything.
You might see, like, thevery top of the crack,
but that's-that'snot what it's about.
How do you sleepat night?
Propped up on pillows,on account of my fat throat.
If I lay flat onmy back, I die.
I need pillowsbetween my thighs myself.
And this friendshipis over!
(crowd clamoring in anger)
Thanks for letting mesit in the back.
I was flipping peopleoff the whole way.
(laughs)
Get out of here,all of you!
My son didn't doanything wrong!
(crowd clamoring in anger)
Carter, I think this hasall kind of gone too far.
What do you thinkyou're doing?
I'm gonna make this right.
Everyone!Everyone!
Listen, I havesomething to say.
Cleveland Jr. doesn'tdeserve any of this.
All those things you heardabout Cleveland Jr. were lies.
He didn't do anything to me.
He's a good kid,from a good family.
I just got scared,and I did something stupid.
I swear, it had nothing to dowith the color of his skin,
but... I did shoot him.
I deserve to be heldresponsible for my actions.
Even if that meansgoing to jail.
You heard him,other cops.
Let's take him in.
He doesn't knowour names, does he?
I don't think he does.
Wait a minute.
Peter didn't shoot my son.
I did.
(crowd gasps)
Peter was just takingthe blame for me.
He's a good friend.
Eh, Mr. Brown,what exactly are you saying?
I'm saying that I,Cleveland Brown,
a black man,
shot Cleveland Brown, Jr.,
another black man.
Wait, wh-wheredid everybody go?
You want to makethe media go away?
Just mentionblack-on-black crime.
Boy, the worldwe live in, huh?
Brian, reach intoMeg's pocket.
Go ahead, Brian.
I-I-I don't want to.
Cleveland,why did you do that?
Peter, since this is aboutracism, why don't we take
a slow, hands-clasped-behind-the-back walk together?
Listen, I know you wouldn'thave shot Cleveland Jr.
on account of his race.
You shot him becauseyou're stupid.
That's allI'm trying to say!
And I know you don'thave hate in your heart.
You were willing to go to jailfor shooting my son.
You took responsibility.
That's what's important.
So... you forgive me?
Of course I do.
Oh, thanks, Cleveland.
Hey, how youfeeling there, champ?
I'm good.
Getting betterevery day.
Aw, I'm happyto hear that.
Look, I-I hopeyou know I'm sorry.
Hey, these things happen.
That's my boy.
Mr. Griffin?Yeah?
Just so you know,
I'm gonna be comingfor your ass.
Wh-What's that now?
I'm saying it's on!
You ever feel the cool steel
of a switchbladepressed against your temple?
(laughs)Hey, Mr. Griffin,
I'm just kidding.
Or am I?
You're gonna wonder about that,you fat bitch.
See you later!
Captioned byMedia Access Group at WGBH </div>\t'