&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; Is violence in moviesand sex on TV &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; On which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; All the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; Laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
(overlapping chatter)
Oh, I can't wait to seeall my old classmates.
This is going to beso much fun, isn't it, Peter?
Oh, sure, it's ablast being in a room
full of peopleyou don't know.
Rather stay home andwatch grass grow.
Come on, you, come on.
Hey, Peter.Hey, Joe.
Damn it!
You're not uncomfortable,are you?
Look, I'm just not wildabout the idea of running
into anybody you usedto date, that's all.
Oh, boy, speaking of exes,here comes one now.
Oh, man, this iswhat I was afraid of.
If he tries anythingwhile I'm standing here,
I'm gonna kick himright in the ...-- gina?!
Peter,this is Naomi.
Wait, you mean you twoused to, you know,
bump Japanese cartoonmonkey logo mouths?
Well, let's just sayNaomi and I experimented
quite a bitin college.
No way.
My wife messed aroundwith another chick.
Thank you, God.
Don't mention it, Peter.
CHORUS (singing):
Have fun.
Naomi, I'm so gladyou're here.
I haven't seen youin, what, 20 years?
Oh, it's great
to see you, too,Lois, it really is.
You know, the fact is, I camehere hoping to run into you.
Really?
Well, that's nice.
You see, I'd liketo propose something
to you andyour husband.
Oh, my God.
I'm dreaming.
I'm dreaming right now.
Well, of course, Naomi.
What'd you havein mind?
Well, this really isn'tthe place to discuss it.
It's just somethingI was wondering
if you and your husbandwould participate in.
I'm totally dreaming right now.
Well, as long as I'm dreaming,I might as well pee my pants.
Well, Naomi,whatever it is,
I'm sure we'd behappy to help.
Oh, my God, I don't believe it.
I'm gonna have a three-way.
This even tops sexwith a mermaid.
Where is it?Keep looking.
I can't find it anywhere.
Keep looking.
There's nothingbut a fish tail down there.
Keep looking.
Oh, there we go.
That's not it.
It's gonna be.
TV ANNOUNCER:We now return
to Nature:With a Guy Named Terry In It.
(cheetah growls)
BRITISH ANNOUNCER: The cheetahswill feed through the night.
While the strongest madethe kill,
the oldest will eat first.
And there's Terry.
All right, come on, guys,she's gonna be here any minute.
You got to getout of here.
Why do we haveto leave, Dad?
'Cause your daddy's goingto have a three-way
with your motherand her friend.
Isn't that nice aboutDaddy's three-way?
I had a one-way one time.
That was amazing.
Sorry I farted in the middle.
All right, go on,beat it, all of you.
Peter, you're not goingto be having a three-way
with Loisand her friend.
Lois isn't eveninto women.
She just hadthat one experience
in collegewith that girl Naomi.
Naomi's the onewho's coming.
(&#224; la the Cowardly Lion):Let me stay, let me stay!
Peter, why areyou so antsy?
Because Naomiwill be here shortly
and I'm anxiousto get started.
What do you mean?
We don't even knowwhy she's coming.
(laughing): "We don'tev... we don't even knowwhy she's coming."
You are so adorable.I'm gonna do you second.
Huh?
(doorbell rings)
Hi, Naomi.
Did you pick up thosetear-away panties
like I texted you?
I didn't get a textfrom you.
All right, not sure why,but I'll bite.
Hi, Naomi.
Hello, Lois, I want youto meet my husband Dale.
Hi, niceto meet you, Dale.
Dale?!
All right, I guess,but I'm doing you last.
Joke's on him; Ionly got two in me.
Lois, this issuch a lovely home.
Oh, thank you.
Peter and I did itourselves on a shoestring.
Well, you could have fooled me.
(chuckles)
Well, let meshow you around.
This here isour living room.
PETER:All right, you guys,
I got a few porn scenariosfor you to choose from.
Hey, everybody,
got a pizza deliveryfor this sorority house.
Did somebodyorder sausage?
(humming funky music)
Peter, what the hellare you doing?
Knock it off.
Uh, we brought yousome wine.
But it's best chilledbefore dinner.
Oh, that is sonice of you.
Yeah, let'sput it on ice.
Oh, you'll have toexcuse my kitchen.
I've beencooking all...
Girls, I've just finishedgrading your midterms,
and it's not good news.
Looks like you're going tohave to do some extra credit.
(hummingfunky music)
Peter, what the hell?
I am so sorryabout this.
Look, dinner'sjust about ready.
Why don't I get you seatedin the dining room
and then we'llpour the wine?
All right,new arrivals,
there's only one way you'renot getting on that train.
(humming funky music)
Well, we got afew hours to kill.
What do youwant to do?
Let's getsomething to eat.
We don't have any money.
Brian, pull over there.I'll get us some money.
Now, wait,so the white ball has
to hit oneof the stripey balls?
Yes, how many timesyou gonna ask me that?
I don't know,I'm just a baby.
All right, so I guessI'll go ahead and, um--
what is ityou called it?
Break.Break,right, break.
Oh, my God,beginner's luck, huh?
Start the car,start the car!
Go, go, go, go, go!(tires screeching)
We've been hustled.
Nobody saysthat anymore.
Well, then what wouldyou call it, Jared?
I wouldn'tcomment on it.
We were all there, weknow what happened.
And so I wentinto corporate finance,
and that'swhere I met Dale.
Six months laterI was asking her to marry me.
What took meso long, right?
(all laugh)
All right, we'rerunning out of time.
We gonna get thisorgy started or what?
What?
(slowly):We are running out of time.
Are we going to getthis orgy started
or what?
Oh, my God, you thoughtthat's what we were here for?
You're not?No.
Well, then whatare you doing here?
Well, Dale and I found outthat we can't have children.
We've conceivedmany times,
but for some reason,the eggs won't attach,
and it was suggested thatI find a healthy woman
who would consider carryingour child to term.
And, well, Lois,that's why we're here.
We were wonderingif you would be our surrogate.
Oh, my God.
You want me tocarry your child?
Yes.What?!
All right, Peter, I don'tknow what this is about,
but you're my best friendand I'd like to think thatyou'd do the same for me.
(Velcro tears)
Wait a minute, so youguys can't have a baby?
Unfortunately, no.
Well, whosefault is it?
I mean-- I mean, whichone of you has the thing
that's horriblywrong with them?
Is it you, Naomi?
You got abum cervix?
Peter, it's nobody's fault.
Conception is complicated.
Dale, it'syou, isn't it?
You got abum ....
Will you help us, Lois?
Well, I... I'm honored thatyou would ask me, Naomi.
I... I'll have tothink about it.
I mean, this is alife-altering choice,
y-you know, like an Italianchoosing to get glasses.
Okay, read the thirdrow down, please.
Ay, ay, oh,ay, oh, oh, ay!
Everyone, I havesomething to say.
I've given this longand careful thought,
and I've decided to carryNaomi and Dale's child for them.
You what?!
That's right, and I wantyour blessing, Peter.
You'll have my stool in youreye and that's all you'll get.
You can't havetheir baby.
Yeah, Mom, you get crazywhen you're pregnant.
Mom, I can'tfind my jacket.
(laughing)
(sobbing)
(wailing sob)
Peter, take off that belt!
The buckle smells like acid!
(sobs)
(retches)
(coughs)
(sobbing)
Look, I knowit's an inconvenience,
but it's a wonderful giftto be able to give someone,
so I am goingthrough with it.
Well, I support you, Lois.I think it's greatwhat you're doing.
Yeah, it's great.You're treating your vaginalike a Red Roof Inn.
That's not howit is, Stewie.
She's doing somethingwonderful for a couple
who can't havetheir own children
and are tooegotistical to adopt.
You know what's interestingabout Lois's vagina, Brian?
Everyone in this room has beenin there, except for you.
You're the only one
who doesn't knowwhat it looks like.
Lois, I don't want youwalking around all pregnant
for nine months justto hand over the thing
when it comes out likea hen to a farmer.
I mean, why's itgot to be you?
Because they need a healthyfemale body to carry the baby.
I can do it.
Oh, come on, Meg, it washard enough on your body
when you gavebirth to Stewie.
What?(laughs)
I'm just joking.
Oh, not cool.
But really, Meg,you don't know
anything aboutthis stuff.
You've never evenhad a boyfriend
more than afew weeks.
I have, too.
Remember when I datedThe Count?
One nipple.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Two nipples.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Three nipp-- aw, hell, no,I'm outta here.
All right, then, it's settled.
I'm going to do this.
No, you're not, Lois.
I'm sorry, butI forbid it.
Oh, and I'm supposedto blindly go along
with everything you decidefor the both of us?
Yes, Lois, that'show we coexist.
Just like I coexist withthe tiny race of people
who live inour carpet.
(music playing faintly)
Dad, what's that?
I think I hear music.
Oh, that's thelittle people, Chris.
They're playing music so thatI will bless them with food.
(people cheering faintly)
Lois, Dale and I justwant to thank you again.
You're makingus so happy.
Well, I wish my husband feltthe same way you do,
but he's just goingto have to accept it.
Now, Mrs. Griffin,you should understand,
a procedure like this isnot without its risks.
For example, here's whathappened when we fertilized
an egg from Shelley Duvallwith a sperm from James Blunt.
Here's Hillary Swankand Gary Busey.
Florence Griffith Joynerand Stephen Hawking.
Okay, I thinkthat's enough.
I got more funny ones.
I got Tina Fey andJoaquin Phoenix.
Yeah, I thinkwe're fine.
Lot of face stuffgoing on in that one.
Yeah, let'sjust get to it.
Okay, so the eggs havealready been fertilized
by means of intracytoplasmicsperm injection,
and now the embryoswill be inserted.
The insertion procedurewill be performed
by these South AmericanHovitos blowgunners.
Wait a minute,I don't want them
shooting thingsinto my vagina.
Well, perhaps youcould tell them--
if only youspoke Hovitos.
(three fast whooshes,Lois screaming)
I can't believeshe went ahead and did it,
after I specifically told herhow I felt.
Well, clearly she believedit was within her right to...
(sniffing)Lois just peedon something.
Hey, Brian, youpicking up on that?Yep.
LOIS:It worked, everybody.
I'm pregnant.
Damn it, this has gone too far.
And if I'm gonna do somethingabout it, it's got to be now.
What do you mean?What are you gonna do?
I'm not gonna doanything, Brian.
But sometimesthings happen.
The house is a dangerous placefor today's modern woman.
Rickety staircases,faulty wiring, gay poltergeists.
Boo!
To that outfit.
Lois, I've hired some1980s black break-dancers
to do their routineon your stomach.
Peter, come on.
I'm having this baby,and that's the end of it.
But, Lois, if theydo it good enough,
they'll save the rec centerfrom being torn down
and replacedby some mall.
Ozone, Turbo,do your thing.
(guns cock)
Oh, no. Lois, those are'90s black guys.
Those aren't'80s black guys at all. Run!
We're here to dancefor the kids.
Run, '80s black guys!
You're no match forthe '90s black guys!
(both gasp)
(gunfire)
&#9834; &#9834;
Oh.
(cartoonish ricochet noises)
(descending whistle)
(sighs)
(crackling)
(wind whistling)
(descending whistle)
(thud)
Ow.
Lois, I bet I can drinkmore bleach than you.
Okay, you know what, Peter?Stop it.
I know you're not happyabout this,
but I am pregnantand I am having this baby.
So knock it off,because I have had it!
No, I've had it!
I don't wantyou pregnant!
You'll be fat and cranky, andyour boobs will get bigger
and you'll stophaving your period...
Wait, how do Ifeel about this?
No, no, I'magainst it, I say!
Peter, this is important.
Naomi and Dale areplacing their trust in us.
And besides,it's just nine months.
Then everything will beback to normal.
TUCKER (over TV):We interrupt this program
for a breaking news story.
A devastating pile-up on I-95has injured eight people
and killed two others.
Naomi and Dale Robinsonwere pronounced dead on arrival
at Quahog Hospital.
Oh, my God!
In other news, a local manhas won the lottery.
Lucky Quahog residentDale Robinson
has hit the jackp... Oh, boy.
I still just... I can'tbelieve they're gone.
They had their wholelives ahead of them.
Well, I'll be the one to say it.
What are you gonna doabout the baby?
Let's keep it for parts.
You know, Lois,you're not a young woman.
Odds are that baby's gonna bechromosomally damaged,
like those cats you seein the Special Animalympics.
(crowd cheering)
So, Whiskers,how does it feel
to finally win your eventafter years of training?
(slurring): Meow, meow,meow, meow, meow, meow.
Why don't you put thebaby up for adoption?
Well, what do we dountil then?
I mean, we can't affordnine months of medical bills.
Well, you couldhave an abortion.
There you go, Lois.We abort it.
Send it on up to Dale and Naomi.
Hell, they're probablywaiting for it anyway.
If they left their mittens here,you wouldn't keep them.
You'd send them back.Abort the thing.
Oh, I don't know, Peter.
Well, there's no harmin visiting
the Family Planning Center justto see what your options are.
(sighs)
It's such abig decision.
Of course it's a big decision.
Life is full of big decisions.
Like deciding whether or notto have Indian food.
Lois, do I need to do anythingtomorrow that doesn't involve
me being bent overin excruciating pain
three feet from a toilet?No.
Time for some tikka masala.
Doctor, I won't lie to you.
I'm a little uncertainabout this.
That's perfectly natural,Mrs. Griffin.
And you should askas many questions as you can
before you decide.
So how's it work, Doc?
You strap her down and then
go hacking at herlike Sweeney Todd?
No, no, good Lord,this is not 2005.
We've come a long waysince then.
Okay, what, so you gostabbing in there with a laser
and you try to zap it outlike, um, burning a ant
with a magnifying glass?
No, Mr. Griffin.
Well, so what, you, like,hold her legs open
and, like,send a pit bull in there?
You know, and one of themlittle rat-hunting dogs?
And then he comes back out withit in his mouth and he goes...
(growling)...and, you know, y-you can't
get it away from him 'cause,you know, it's his thing.
No. Mr. Griffin, it's a verysimple, safe procedure
in which we very precisely anddelicately remove the embryo.
We do it all the time,
and I promiseit's virtually risk-free.
Well, I have to say,I feel a little better about it.
I think this may bethe right thing to do.
Mrs. Griffin, we havea saying around here:
Let's keep abortion safe,legal and rare.
Okay, well, why don'tyou get started?
I'm gonna go sit in the carand pretend like I'm driving.
I'm gonna be in a race.
(crowd clamoring)
Hey, what are you guysbellyaching about?
Sir, we are doingall that we can
to stop the killingof millions of unborn babies.
If you have a few moments,
I'd like you to watchthis video presentation.
Yeah, I got a few minutes; mywife's getting an abortion.
(dramatic music playing)
Hello, friend.
I hear you're contemplatinghaving an abortion.
But before you do, remember,science has proven
that within hours of conception,a human fetus has started
a college fundand has already made
your first Mother's Day cardout of macaroni and glitter.
Aw.
But don't take my word for it.
Just ask my little friend Ziggy.
Hi.
I'm Ziggy the Zygote.
I'm looking forward to being anactive member of your community.
Can I hug you?
(laughs)Of course you can, Ziggy.
Because even thoughthey're not visible yet,
you already have tiny arms.
Arms that will one day work,play and fold in prayer.
Yay!
But uh-oh.
What's this?
(screaming)Oh, my God!
Well, he's gone, just like somany other promising human lives
who were probablysnuffed out by abortion,
like The Guy Who Would HaveKilled Hitler.
Nice going, schveinhundt.
The Fourth Stooge.
That's right.
There were supposed to befour Stooges.
It was gonnabe hilarious!
And Osama Bin Laden'sAmerica-loving older brother.
I would've talked him out of it.
Wow.
Thanks a lot for 9/11,abortion enthusiasts.
And remember,not only is abortion murder,
but it's also larceny,jaywalking
and securities fraud.
And did you know the babyyou're aborting may also
have a baby inside of itthat you're also aborting?
Now that you know this,do you want an abortion?
No. No, I do not.
Peter, what the hellare you doing?
Have you lostyour mind?
Don't you worry,unborn fetus child.
I am here to save youand protect you.
I have seen the light!
Bless you, sir.
You should bevery proud of yourself.
Oh, I am.
Prouder than whenI was a peacock.
Griffin, nice workon the Anderson account.
So, how'd it goat the clinic?
Fine at first, but thenthere was a complication.
We have decidedagainst the procedure.
Really? Why?Because it's killingbabies, Brian.
If God wanted usto kill babies,
he'd make them allChinese girls.
Peter, it's not a baby,it's a fertilized egg.
It's the sizeof the tip of a pin.
It's alive, isn't it?
To kill any livingthing is an abortion.
That's what the man I just metoutside the clinic told me.
And he had a T-shirton that confirmed it.
Okay, well, sperm is alive,
and every time you masturbate,millions of them die.
So is it wrongto kill sperm?
Yes. Yes, it is.
From now on, no moremasturbating in this house.
Wh-What?!Why?!
Because masturbationis abortion.
But abortion helps meget my homework done.
And sometimesI abort in my sleep.
What am I supposed to doabout that?
Peter, I'm sorry ifyou disagree with me,
but according to the law,it is still my right
to choose what Ido with my body.
Well, the lawis wrong, Lois.
Okay, Peter, if you're sopro-life, let me ask you this:
Would you go downto the orphanage
and claim an unwantedbaby and take care of it?
No, Lois, I'm hereto save the unborn.
Once they get out of the vagina,they can go ... themselves.
Peter, what's insideof Lois won't be
remotely humanfor six months.
There's no brain activityuntil at least the 27th week.
It's still aperson, Brian.
It's a woman's responsibilityto carry it to term.
Well, what ifa woman is raped?
Maybe she shouldhave thought of that
before she askedme for directions.
Huh?What aboutincest, Peter?
What's incest?
You know how cousin Lou has
that kid whose eyes touch?
So, what, you're saying TouchEyes doesn't deserve to exist?
Boy, you don't mind himwhen you want a needle threaded.
I'm just saying that they shouldhave at least had the option.
How can you say that?
Think of all the love he's givento Uncle Mom and Aunt Dad.
Okay, this argumentisn't working.
Peter, what ifcarrying the baby to term
would endangerthe mother's life?
I don't knowwhat seven of those words were.
Well, what if you lookat the ultrasound and see
that the baby's gonna be bornwith no arms and no legs?
You name it Matt.
(horn honks)
Peter, I honestly don'tcare what you say.
I am going back to that clinic,and I'm having that abortion.
Oh, no you're not.
Oh, yes I am.
Now you getout of my way!
Lois, you go down there,
and I'll blow the place up.You wouldn't.
You've seen Family Guy,you know I would.
So what, y-you'd killa bunch of doctors
to show them thatkilling is wrong?
Does that make senseto you, Peter?
Well...
Does it?I... guess not.
(sighs) So what thehell do we do, huh?
I mean, we're notgonna solve anything
by standing herescreaming at each other.
You and I are in thistogether, Peter.
And whatever we decide,we both have to agree
that it's theright thing to do.
Well, so now what?
I say we go upstairsand have a long talk,
and we don't come downuntil we've made a decision
that we bothcan live with.
(sighs)
All right, Lois.
Well, I think we madethe right decision.
I mean, sure, having a babycosts a fortune.
There's cutbackson things we love.
There's diapers and cryingand late nights with no sleep,
flu shots and mumps anddriver's ed and college tuition.
But you know what?
It's one more personto share the world with.
Another little voicein the backseat of the car.
One more Griffin to loveand to love us in return.
We had the abortion. </div>\t'