&#9834; It seems todaythat all you see &#9834;
&#9834; is violence in moviesand sex on TV. &#9834;
&#9834; But where are thosegood old-fashioned values &#9834;
&#9834; on which we used to rely? &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a family guy. &#9834;
&#9834; Lucky there's a manwho positively can do &#9834;
&#9834; all the things that make us &#9834;
&#9834; laugh and cry &#9834;
&#9834; He's... a...Fam... ily... Guy! &#9834;
From Time Life Music,comes a one-of-a kind
Rat Pack collection,"Their Most Bigoted Songs."
All your favorite,once acceptable hits like
"Drunk Old Injun."
&#9834; The drunk old Injun'ssquattin' in his teepee, &#9834;
&#9834; fire water keepin' him warm... &#9834;
"Jewish Nose."
&#9834; She's got a big,beautiful Jewish nose, &#9834;
&#9834; and it's there two minutesearly wherever she goes... &#9834;
Dean Martinsinging "Chinaman's Chance."
&#9834; And Mr. Chinaman say,in his Chinaman way, &#9834;
&#9834; a ding-a-ling, a ching-a-chonga ching-a-chong choo... &#9834;
"Pew, Stinky Frenchman."
&#9834; Paris is lovely andNice sure is nice, &#9834;
&#9834; and Marseilles is charmingwith champagne on ice, &#9834;
&#9834; but you, stinky Frenchman,haven't a clue. &#9834;
&#9834; Pew, stinky Frenchman,frog you... &#9834;
"Hey There, Fruity."
&#9834; Hey there, fruity, &#9834;
&#9834; you can do my hair. &#9834;
&#9834; Hey there, fruity, &#9834;
&#9834; don't touch me down there. &#9834;
&#9834; Hey there, fruity, &#9834;
&#9834; you're gay andI don't approve. &#9834;
And many more.
You know, I'm sick oflooking at that.
- What?- That empty space.
It just reminds me thatCleveland's not here anymore.
Yeah, it's just notthe same without him.
I sure wish he...
Hey, guys, look!
It's him!
Hey, Cleveland!
Why didn't you tell usyou were back, buddy?
Oh, it's a lamp.
You know, guys,I've been thinkin'.
We need a new fourthguy for our group.
We're a man short.
Like Stadlerwithout Waldorf.
You know, without the other guyyappin' in my ear,
these guys aren't half bad.
Now I know you're interestedin being the fourth guy
in our entourage,Kevin Connolly, but don't you
- think you're a little small?- Listen, I tell you what.
You can be in our group if I canhave some of your cereal.
Oh, no, they're afterme Kevin Connolly charms!
How's your friendsearch going?
- Not great, Lois.- What friend search?
Oh, we're just trying to find
a friend to replace Cleveland.
We've been meeting people
for the past three days.
Well, you don't need tolook for somebody new.
- I'll hang out with you guys.- Yeah, you know,
I don't think that'sgonna work out, Brian,
'cause of the wholeQuagmire thing.
What Quagmire thing?
Oh, you know,just that he hates you.
- Quagmire hates me?- Hates you.
I... I don't get it. Why...why wouldn't Quagmire like me?
Because he thinksyou're annoying.
Like people who nevershut up about their kids.
He... he would havebeen four today.
I... I still don't understand.
How do you drownin an inch of water?
Well...
I guess I don't havea new sweater and a haircut.
Who would've thought
it would be this hardto replace Cleveland?
You know, guys,we've kind of been
ignoring the obvious here.
I mean,if you really break it down,
what we need is a black guy.
Yeah, that was the best thingabout Cleveland.
Oh, by far.I sure do miss him.
Peter's right.We gotta find another black guy.
Yeah, 'causeotherwise we're just
a bunch of boringwhite guys.
Like a Londongentlemen's club.
Hey, you guys want toenter the darts tournament?
First prize is freedrinks all night.
Oh, we'd love to, Horace,but there's only three of us.
Did I hear somesorry ass fools
in need of amotherlovin' fourth?
I'll join your darts game.
How do we knowyou're any good?
Gentlemen,we got us a black man.
Oh, boy,what a fantastic evening.
Jerome, you are a wonderfuladdition to our group.
Hey, thanks, Peter.
I like you guys, too.
What do you say we hitanother bar, keep it goin'?
I can't. There's a girl tied upin my basement who needs some food.
That's funny.You funny, pointy man.
Yeah, I...I joke around a lot.
Thanks for the lift home,Jerome.
Hey, if you got time to come in,
I'd love for you to meet my wife.
I got time forwhatever I want, fool.
My watch don't telltime, I tell it.
Wow, you're cooler thana York Peppermint Pattie.
When I biteinto a York Peppermint Pattie,
I get the sensation...
of being on a frozenmountaintop!
It has been two monthssince I made the tragic choice
to bite into aYork Peppermint Pattie,
and still I have madeno progress
finding my wayout of the mountains.
The only food I haveis the rest of this
York Peppermint Pattie,which unfortunately,
keeps bringing me backto the top of the mountain.
If anyone finds this,tell my family I love them.
...of being on a frozenmountaintop!
Hey, Lois. I'd like youto meet our new friend...
Jerome?
Loose Lois?
Wha... You guysknow each other?
Know each other?
Peter, Jerome is anold boyfriend of mine.
What?!
Sorry, I was out of it.Wait, are we being robbed?
Peter, I know I toldyou about Jerome.
Lois, I would've rememberedif you told me that.
I told you, Peter.
I remember exactlywhat we were doing.
I slept with a black guy.
I hope this doesn't makeyou feel awkward, my man.
It was a long time ago.
Hey, that'sa beautiful baby.
Mind if I hold him?
Go right ahead.
Hey there, lil' fella.
What's that aroundyour neck?
Well, I say,it's a little black Jesus.
&#9834; Black Jesus. &#9834;
I rode into townon an ass.
Your mama's ass.
&#9834; Black Jesus. &#9834;
It was really goodto see you, Lois.
We should grab a coffeeor something and catch up.
That would be great.
It was really niceto see you, too.
Well, it's gettin' late,Jerome.
I'm sure you got stuff to do.
Yeah, I gotta go downto the gas station
and buy a framedpainting of a tiger.
Catch y'all later.
You're not really gonnahang out with him, Lois, are ya?
We're just friends, Peter.
Don't tell meyou're jealous?
Well, you datin' that guy?It's just a lot to take in.
Oh, you're tellin' me.
Oh, come on! Those kindsof jokes aren't helpin'.
Well, what do youwant me to say?
You're bein' silly.
I mean, Jerome and Idated over twelve inches ago.
I said inches!
- What did I just say?!- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.Okay, look, just relax.
You're my husbandand I love you,
so just put Jeromeout of your head.
Get him out of my lifeis more like it.
Brian, I just foundout Chris Farley died.
Yeah, that happenedlike twelve years ago.
But I just watchedTommy Boy yesterday.
- He was right there.- Yeah, that's a movie.
It's shot beforehand.It's not happening right now.
Really? But I thoughtmy knocking on the TV glass
Distracted him, and that'swhat made him fall down that hill.
Oh, oh,seeing him fall down that hill
put me in a good humor!
Stewie, get lost.
What are you doingjust standing out here?
I'm waiting for Quagmireto get his mail.
I'm gonnaconveniently stroll by
and strike up aconversation with him,
and maybe find outwhy he hates me.
Oh, I'm sure it's justa misunderstanding.
You'll smooth it over.
Hey, Quagmire,what a coincidence.
You and me just runnin'into each other.
- How, how ya doin'?- Fine.
Oh, takin' a break, huh?
She's a hot piece of ass.
And from the looks of it,she likes it rough.
That's my sister, Brian.
Her boyfriend has beenbeating her mercilessly.
The last thing she'd wantright now is to be objectified.
Oh, God.I'm... I'm really sorry.
I got a deaf brother,you want to make fun of him, too?
- Where is she?- She's not here.
Get out, Jeff!
Just get out of here!
Oh, I'll get outwhen I'm finished.
No! Ow!
You feel good about your sexjoke earlier, Brian?
He's savagely beating her again.You hear that?
Yeah, I'm not deaf.
Oh, oh, what, like my brother?
Boy, you have no class!
Yeah, that's theguy's brother, man!
- Yeah!- Shut up, bitch!
Hey,you know what they say.
See a broad,to get that booty, yak 'em.
Leg her down and smack 'em yak 'em!
Cold got to be.
- Golly!- If you'll excuse me,
I'm gonna order mesome cheap cognac
and put itin a fancy glass.
Boy, Jeromeis the greatest.
We really lucked out.
I don't know, you guys.
I'm not so sureabout Jerome.
I mean, how do we knowwe can really trust him?
What are you talking about, Peter?Jerome's awesome.
Yeah, why the hell wouldn'twe be able to trust him?
All right,you guys want the truth?
Before me and Lois were married,our new friend
used to slip herthe old Pringles can.
Well, so what, Peter.That was twenty years ago.
That doesn't matter!
Look, Peter,Jerome's the coolest guy
we've met sinceCleveland left.
Yeah, don't do anythingto ruin this, Peter.
You know,the way you ruined my parrot.
I just bought it yesterday.
Isn't it beautiful?
Cripple, cripple, cripple,cripple, cripple, cripple,
cripple, cripple, cripple, cripple.
- Cripple!- Damn it!
That son of a bitch.
Thinks he can sleepwith my wife!
Not on my watch.
Listen, I don't carethat you're dating Mallory.
Nobody in this familylikes you, Nick.
You just stand your ground,garbage sculpture man.
They'll come to respect you.
You bastard.
Nick was no good for her
and it brokeSkippy Handleman's heart!
Dear God and black Jesus!
Jerome?
What, uh...
What... what the hellare you doing here?
Oh, Peter, somethingterrible has happened.
Somebody burned downJerome's house last night.
This whacked-out world.
It just makes you wantto grab your nephew
and get in a van and shootpeople in the D.C. area.
Yeah, well, when I findthe guy who did it,
I'm gonna rip his arms off anddo his wife in front of him.
And no one would blame you.
But, meanwhile, Jerome,
you are more thanwelcome to stay with us.
What?
Oh, well,thank you, Lois.
Man, I'm so lucky to have realfriends like you and Peter.
Well, I guessyou can stay here.
But I'll tell youone thing...
Oh, hang on a second.
What is that?
I don't know,it's trying to do something.
Oh...
Well, well, I guess we'rejust gonna have to wait.
So how long is Jeromegonna be staying with us, Dad?
I don't know, Chris, but the soonerhe's out of here, the better.
I don't trust him aroundLois for a second.
Oh, God, Jerome,that is so good.
Oh, yeah,it's so hot and moist.
Mmm, these scones aredelicious.
You are quite the little baker,Jerome.
Oh, thank God.
What's going on in here?!
Relax, Mr. Furley.
I thought what you thought,but it's okay.
- Well, it sounded like...- I know, I know, but it's fine.
Go back to being dead.
Peter,is everything all right?
Yeah. Yeah, Lois.Everything's fine.
You guys, uh,having a little breakfast?
Yes, and Jeromemade scones.
Would you like one?Oh, they're delicious.
I thought maybe later today,we could all...
Oh, my God!Mom's choking!
Out of the way.I'm an EMT.
Her airway's jammed.
Come on, now.Just like that.
I need somegravitational help.
Oh, no, her clothesare constricting!
As are mine!
Oh, my God!
Oh! Thank you, Jerome!
You saved my life!
"Um, I'll havewhat she's having,"
says the funniest personin the room.
Hey, what are you gettingall dressed up for?
I'm treating Quagmireto a night out.
Really? I thoughthe hated you.
How'd youconvince him to go?
I tricked him.Sent him a phony card.
He thinks he's going on a datewith an old girlfriend.
But instead,you're going to show up.
- You got it.- Yikes.
That's a recipefor disappointment.
Like walkinga floral arrangement
through an officefull of fat women.
Is there a Miss...
...es.
Brian?Where's Cheryl Tiegs?
Well, she's not coming.
I wrote you that, because I knewyou'd never come if it was me.
But I planned a big night andwe're gonna have a great time.
Brian, Cheryl wasthe one that got away.
She was thegreat love of my life.
I thought this was my chance
to finally achievesome real happiness.
Ever since she left,I've been chasing girls
to fill the hole she madewhen she walked out.
And now I'm forever lost.
Well, I bet a thick,juicy steak
could help fillthat hole, huh?
Aw, come on,it'll be great.
Listen, Glenn,I... I want us to be friends.
I think we could bean even better team
than Lewis and Clark andthe guy who likes to rip up maps.
All right,the Northwest Passage.
Hey, can I see that?
Damn it! You ass!
- Easy, Clark.- I hate that guy!
It's been a long trip.
- You're tired.- No! I hate him!
Look, you're angry,you're dehydrated.
Just have some waterfrom the canteen
- and you'll feel better.- Okay.
I just totally drownedthis ant hill.
Hey, when are wegoing to get there?
Oh, and this is Peterand I at our wedding.
Aw, you look beautiful.
And he's a handsome fella,ain't he?
Well, I am readyfor my evening.
Oh, my God, Peter!
- What the hell?!- Peter, what are you doing?
Oh, surely, Jerome, you don'twant to stay in the same house
as a ghost who carriesa torch around.
Ooh, fire ghost!
Ooh! Ya scared yet?
Didn't know this placewas haunted, did ya?
Peter,take that thing off!
Hey,what the hell's going on?
I'll tell you what's going on.
I have had aboutenough of you, Jerome.
I know you want my wife,but you can't have her!
You are no longerwelcome in my house!
Whatchu talkin' 'bout, Peter?
But you can't havesex with Lois!
Now, I want you outof here right now!
I can't believe this.
I thought I founda true friend in you.
I'd never do anything to hurtyou or your family.
Man, you're breaking my heart.
Jerome, wait.
He doesn't know whathe's talking about.
I'm sorry, Lois.
I think it would bebetter if I left.
Peter, I'm sorryif I caused you any trouble.
I won't be botheringyou again.
Wow, what just happenedwas kind of sad.
So... whose legdo you have to hump
to get a dry martiniaround here?
Hmm.
God, look at the sizeof these steak knives.
Wha... what are they serving us?Tyrannosaurus rex?
Not likely.
Hey, what if I just drankthis whole bottle of ketchup?
Can you imagine?You dare me?
Kind of ruins itfor the next person
who might wantsome ketchup.
So, how'sthe flying business?
Not so great. The economy'ssort of taken its toll,
- lot of salary cuts, lot of layoffs.- Yeah?
That's pretty much it.
I mean, you want to learn more,read the papers,
go on the internet,I... I don't know.
Boy, that's got to bean interesting job.
I'll bet you got...how do those things work?
What? Planes?
- How does a plane work?- Yeah.
You want me to sit here andexplain to you how a plane works?
I don't know. Yeah.
You want to maybe just go?
Quagmire, come on,I'm really trying hard here.
Who asked you to try hard?
Nobody, but all...I'm trying to establish
a friendship with you.
All I've done is tryto be nice to you,
and you still don't like me.How can you not like me?
Okay. I'll tell you.
You are the worst person I know.
You constantly hit on yourbest friend's wife.
The man pays for your foodand rescued you
from certain death,and this is how you repay him?
And to add insult to injury,you defecate all over his yard.
And you're such a sponge.You pay for nothing.
You always say,"Oh, I'll get you later."
But later never comes.
And what really bothers me,is you pretend
you're this deep guy who loveswomen for their souls
when all you do is date bimbos.
Yeah, I date womenfor their bodies,
but at leastI'm honest about it.
I don't buy them a copyof Catcher in the Rye
and then lecture them with someseventh grade interpretation
of how Holden Caulfieldis some profound intellectual.
He wasn't.He was a spoiled brat.
And that's why you like himso much... he's you.
God, you're pretentious!
And you delude yourselfby thinking you're some
great writer,even though you're terrible.
You know, I should have knownCheryl Tiegs
didn't write me that note.
She would have known there's no"a" in the word "definite."
And I thinkwhat I hate most about you
is your textbook liberal agenda,how we should
"Legalize pot, man,"
how big businessis crushing the underclass,
how homelessness is the biggesttragedy in America.
Well, what haveyou done to help?
I work down at thesoup kitchen, Brian.
Never seen you down there.
You want to help?Grab a ladle!
And, by the way, driving a Priusdoesn't make you Jesus Christ.
Oh, wait, you don't believein Jesus Christ,
or any religion for that matter,
because"Religion is for idiots."
Well, who the hell are youto talk down to anyone?
You failed college twice.
Which isn't nearly as badas your failure as a father.
How's that son of yoursyou never see?
But you know what?I could forgive all of that,
all of it,if you weren't such a bore.
That's the worst of it, Brian.
You're just a big, sad,alcoholic bore.
Well, see ya, Brian.
Thanks for the(bleep) steak.
Boy, it sure is nice
having our houseto ourselves again, huh?
Lois?
Peter, sometimes you just makeme sick to my stomach.
Look, I know you think Jeromewas a good guy, but...
No, he was a good guy, Peter.
And I'm gonnaprove it to you.
And you're gonna feellike a real jackass.
What's that?
It's a gift.For you.
You don't deserve it,but if anything,
it's gonna wake you upa little bit.
Jerome got you thisas a thank you
for letting him stay here.
It's an actual propfrom Family Ties.
This is... This is oneof Nick's garbage sculptures.
Yeah.Pretty thoughtful, isn't it?
Oh, boy,do I feel like a jackass.
Lois, I'm sorry.I'm just...
I let my jealousyget the best of me.
Jerome's sucha cool guy and I...
I guess I was worriedhe was cool enough
to steal you away from me.
You should know betterthan that, Peter.
Now, I think you havean apology to make.
Hey, you look likeyou could use a pal.
Oh. Hi, Peter.
Look, I'm sorryabout how I acted.
It's just...
Lois meanseverything to me.
And when I sawyou together,
I... I didn't know whatwas gonna happen.
I just thought you mighttry to mount her
or whatever it isyou guys do.
Peter, how could youeven think that?
I would never doanything like that to you.
You were my boy.We were like family.
Yeah, I know.
I messed up bad.
I'm really sorry, Jerome.
We cool, Peter. We cool.
But, listen, there issomething I got to fess up to.
While I was livingwith y'all,
I had myself lots ofnasty ass sex with Meg.
I don't care about that.
Hey, Brian, how'd it go?
Fine.
Wha... have you been crying?
What happened?
It didn't work.He still hates me.
You want to know something?
That's okay.
You don't need Quagmireto like you.
You only need one person to likeyou and that person is you.
And I'll tell you something else,I like you.
Thanks.
You want to sleepin my room?
Yeah, that'd be nice.
- Good night, Brian.- Good night, Stewie.
Oh, come on, man. </div>\t'